# Quest ID: 1001
# Quest Title: Buzzbox 411
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1001
# Subject: "It's Nessie!"
Swim to deeper waters and you will see the Thrashers...looks like the Loch Ness Monster! About level 12-14...I only had to kill 3 to get the eyes. Soloed them at level 11...no problem...the Buzzbox is hard to find though. Its WAY farther north on the beach than one would think...see the first sunken ship? Keep going. The large sea animal carcus surrounded by Greymist beasties? Keep going. Just around the rock by the large dead sea animal and the Greymists you will see another sunken ship to the left and a smaller rock to the right. The buzzbox should be right in between. BINGO! | Subject: "Um..."
All of your directions are misleading. It is north of Auberdine on the beach where the water meets the sand, this is fact. However it is not as you say "past" the shipwrecks. It is on the small region of beach directly east of the shipwrecks. -.-

Edited, Sun Dec 25 03:05:09 2005 | Subject: "<Blank>"
41,28 for me =D | Subject: "Specifics"
So I went looking for buzzbox 411 today, and along the way I saw some silverleaf. Going off the beach to harvest it, I got my and my pet's tails whipped. Figuring I may as well stay a wisp to look around, I went in search of the buzzbox, starting from where my corpse was heading north.

Suffice to say, if you find the ruins, you've gone too far.

I explored pretty much the entire coastline, then when I went back to look for my corpse, I found the buzzbox instead. It is not up in the grass like the first one is; rather, it is exactly on the beach, just a few steps away from the water line, just past the big sea-green sea monster corpse surrounded by greymists.

Good luck. | Subject: "buzzbox 411"
Ok the buzzbox 411 is at north of Auberdine at the beach. Go north of the city, pass the shipwreck and u will be able to find it.

/cheers | 41, 28, Right on the coast line. | Subject: "MAP"
Ok, let's make this easy.
HERE IS A MAP. Look at where the red circle is on this picture:
http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v113/shadowx13/iconsetc/buzzbox411.jpg .
That is where buzzbox 411 is. Don't get it confused with the other ones =p.

Edited, Tue Jun 6 21:18:21 2006 | Subject: "Buzzbox 411 Loc"
Buzzbox 411

Its just alittle north of Auburdine along the shore tucked away in a cove of sorts across from 2 sunken ships.

ShadowRonin
Lvl16 Rogue