# Quest ID: 1002
# Quest Title: Buzzbox 323
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1002
# Subject: "<Blank>"
moonstalkers: those greyish-black tiger-like animals in the greens along the shore.

buzzbox 323: along the road from auberdine to northeast. come to a place called cliffsrping river, see a bridge? cross it. on the east side, look along the roadside, it's to your left. | Subject: "buzzbox323"
Buzzbox 323 located far noth of the map. Follow the road path to clif river, u see a bridge. After passing by the bridge u will be able to see the buzzbox.

/cheers | Subject: "Cliifspring River"
Buzzbox 323 is by the Cliffspring River Falls nearest the ocean. Following the path, you'll cross over the river using a wooden bridge. The box is just past the bridge, on your immediate left. | Subject: "<Blank>"
51,25 for me | Subject: "Any Moonstalker"
You can kill any moonstalkers you want to get the fangs.  I killed the runts and got them. | Subject: "Don't abandon"
Don't abandon it, its part of a chain.  These kill quests are meant to level you.  Did you notice that while you were killing dozens of moonstalkers, you got a level or two?  Thats what the quest is for.  If you are getting frustrated, there are several other quests around those same areas you can do at the same time to break it up.  You wil be killing the other mobs, and suddenly there will be a moonstalker you have to kill and he might drop a fang, but you didn't waste half an hour waiting for one to drop.  It does help.