# Quest ID: 1010
# Quest Title: Bathran's Hair
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1010
# Subject: "Take some time to read it fellas..."
What you're looking for is Bathran's Hair...so it would probably be found around Bathran's Haunt, right?  And you'd be right.

1.  The Bathran's Hair is found in plant bundles on the ground.  Just look for em, they're around.

2.  You can find them at 31, 24, around the Ruins of Ordil'Aron.

Just slow down and read the quest and then look on your map.  It may seem like it takes longer to do but will save you time in scrambling around... | You get Batharan Hairs from items called "Plant Bundles" on the ground. They are small and they are hard to see. | I found I needed to lower my ground clutter under System Graphics to 0. After doing so, the Plants Bundles actually showed up as bundles and were clearly visible. | If you are an Herbalist, make sure you have the searchicon up and you'll be able to see where the Plant Bundles are located | Subject: "Confirmed locations of Bathran's Hair"
Confirmed locations of Bathran's Hair:

Ashenvale (29, 23)
Ashenvale (30, 23)
Ashenvale (31, 23)
Ashenvale (31, 22)
Ashenvale (31, 21)
Ashenvale (32, 21)
Ashenvale (32, 22)
Ashenvale (32, 23)
Ashenvale (33, 21)
Ashenvale (33, 22) | Subject: "Monitor Settings"
The first time I did this quest (over a year ago now) I couldn't see the bundles unless I was right on top of them.  Now I have a better monitor and, doing it again, the items are easy to spot.

If you're having trouble seeing them I'd suggest turning up your brightness/contrast as a first step - never know, it might help! | Subject: "not too bad: lots of mobs tho"
This is where I found them:

They were all bundles - I have no idea what that other person meant by brown cones (which I imagined to be like fel cones).

They are actually like small stacks of hay tied at the top. I'm a gnome and they were almost as tall as me to give you some idea of height!

30-24 (this one was sorta "buried" in the ground so it was the hardest to see)
31-22 (i got 3 here within 10 minutes, they respawned pretty quickly)right behind the small curved wall.
33-20 (at the base of the slope on the northwest side).
I would assume there were more, but, these were the ones I found.

This was an annoying quest, but very doable. gl!