# Quest ID: 1016
# Quest Title: Elemental Bracers
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1016
# Subject: "<Blank>"
The bracers drop off the water elementals in the lake right behind the outpost where you get he quest. The bracers you need are the 'intact' ones. The other bracers are vendor trash. After you have collected 5 intact bracers then you right click on the scroll and left click on the stack of 5 intact bracers. If you dont have a scroll then I would abandon the quest and start all over to get the scroll again. Once you have used the scroll on the bracers you'll need to go back to the quest giver to get the next part of the quest.(and get your exp) | I don't know if drop rates of the Intact Elemental Bracers were changed since Vanilla WoW, but these things take forever to drop. Took me ~20 Befouled Water Elementals to get my first intact one, yet reading the comments I keep seeing people say they got all 5 bracers in like 6 kills. Just putting this out there because I was kinda confused at first and wanted to clarify for any more recent players on this page. | Subject: "Location"
Location: Ashenvale, Mystral Lake 47,70 | Head south of this location to the little island in the lake. You'll find the mobs here. You can clearly see the bracers on their arms. In the center of the island is a lvl 27 so watch out. Once you return the (5) bracers you may notice like I did and a few others that the Diving Scroll is not in your possession as it says it should be. If this happens to you, simply abandon the quest and pick it up again. The bracers will still be in your inventory and you can immediately get the scroll and bind them. | Subject: "Easy"
You get a scroll when taking this quest, you must then kill the water elementals in and around the lake that you got the quest and collect 5 'Intact Elemental Bracers' then right click the scroll and take back to the npc.

I got all 5 with about 8 kills, real easy! :)