# Quest ID: 1021
# Quest Title: Vile Satyr! Dryads in Danger!
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1021
# Subject: "<Blank>"
Head north thru the Bleakheart Satyrs... there is a camp of Xavian Satyrs there, and in the middle is, sadly, Anilia's corpse (yellow ?). You should be able to see it from tloc 79, 45. | Subject: "Group or Kamekazi"
Read the posts (thank you!) and my 28 Druid started by pulling and killing one of the rogues. When he reached 10 Health, he healed himself 100% despite my attacking him. He did not heal a second time but it still took twice as long to kill him as a normal 29. The camp is full of rogues and regardless of their respawn time, I could see this could take an entire weekend just to get to Anilia.

Plan B: stealthed up to her, shifted to Druid, finished the quest and accepted the second one as 273 Rogues plus the Argentinian Army descended on me. Shifted to bear but there were so many they almost overloaded my video card. Died gracefully and figured the 2550 XP was worth a trip to the Tombstone Tavern and the usual rez sickness.

Without stealth, you could still run to Annie and do the same thing. I came in from the lake and it seemd like there were not too many rogues that way. Until you get to the middle.

I don't suggest trying to kill them. You'll still be there when they come out with the second expansion kit. | Coords for her: 78, 45 (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=3920) | Subject: "Experience"
2550 XP at level 34, whent he quest is yellow. | Subject: "Do the Quest on Level ... No Problem at All"
I have to say that this is the most misleading entry from you all I have read here.

It isn't relevant if a level 32 quest is easy for a level 26 or 28 to solo ... it should be darned hard to solo +4-6 levels up.  If you are on or close to level, this quest is very, very easy.

I did it as a level 31 Warlock, 1 level below the quest level.  I pulled each demon one at a time, and not a single one of them was able to heal before I killed them (and I wasn't using shadow bolt at all ... just the DoTs and then wand, with the Voidwalker tanking).  If you are on or close to level you should be able to do enough damage to these mobs to take them down before they can heal.

Pull one at a time, they pulled easily, not once did I aggro more than one other than at the end of the next quest where you have to kill a 32 with his 29 add (which was also easy).

Honestly, guys, this is not a hard quest at all.  Just don't be going around doing it at level 26 or level 28 ... do it at level 31 or 32 (it's a level 32 quest, after all) and you will breeze through it for around 9k exp for all three parts.