# Quest ID: 1025
# Quest Title: An Aggressive Defense
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1025
# Subject: "Easy, but watch your back"
This wasn't difficult as a 26 Mage, the Foulwealds all stick to their little areas like other Furbolgs, except the Pathfinders. They're not part of the quest, but they patrol around between the two camps and used ranged weapons, so watch your back. | Subject: "All the tips really helped me with this one"
I went to the 57,63 coordinate (follow the road east until you get to the Raynewood Retreat on your left side, almost directly across from that is a path heading south into a Foulweald camp).  Managed to work the perimeter starting to the left and had all my kills except 2 warriors. I used a lot of mana and bandages for my lv25 druid but made it through without dying.

I went back up to the road and headed west again until I came to the next path on my left heading down into the valley again where I found a few more warriors to take out.  From here be sure to head to head directly south to the building you see.  It is Silverwind Refuge and you'll find a quest.  The first part of the quest gave me 1950 points and was easy. Oh and there is that darn Mystral Lake everyone talked about when trying to find the Talondeep Path! | The camps of the furbolgs are a ways east along the road, then just off the road to the south. They are north of the Silverwind Refuge. The mobs are actually called Foulweald XXX and range from level 23-25.

It was not hard to get the Totemics and Warriors as single pulls and quickly kill them. However, the Ursas tend to hang out among groups of 3-4 other mob types.

We found that by working into the camps from the east and being patient some of the Ursa guards would stray a bit, and we could pick them off. Then the Ursa itself would eventually stray to a separate hut, and you could pick them off single as well. | for u guys that have coords 58.62 along road