# Quest ID: 1038
# Quest Title: Velinde's Effects
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1038
# Though Bladeweaver doesn't tell you, the bunkhouse is at 62, 83, second from the bottom of the the south end of the tradesmen's terrace. To enter you have to cross a bridge from a building just northwest of it. | Subject: "<Blank>"
Bunkhouse is 2nd building from the bottom in the tradesman's district, over the bridge from the mail armour vendor | Subject: "Geting into the Bunkhouse"
The Sentinel's Bunkhouse acutally has a hanging sign out "front" however you have to enter the mail armor shop and go upstairs and over the bridge to the sd floor of the bunker.

/tloc 62,83

SE corner of Tradesmens's Terrace near Temple of the Moon. | Subject: "Lousy quest"
Whoever designed this quest series should be fired from Blizzard.

The whole thing seems based around wasting player's time making them run around finding hard-to-locate areas with little direction or help.

I feel sorry for the first players who had to find these places without the help of Thotbot!  Many thanks to everyone who posted loc coords and descriptions!

Blizzard has some great quests but this one fails.  Utterly. | Subject: "tloc location"
tloc 62,83 | Subject: "found it"
it is is tradesmans terrace in Darnasus First large purple building above the word darnasus on the map

Soc | Subject: "Experience"
600 XP at level 34, when the quest is green. | Subject: "Information."
Tyn'tel Bladeweaver is located in the center of the Warriors Terrace in Darnassus.

The Sentinels Bunkhouse is located in the Trademans District, just head south from where you find Tyn'tel into the district and turn onto the backpath, eventually you'll see a big building with the sign of Sentinels Bunkhouse and across from it is the shop for Chain Armor. Head into the shop for Chain Armor and go to the top and across the bridge connnecting the two buildings to it. You'll find the chest there. Head back to Tyn'tel and return both keys and her journal to her.

Starting and returning this quest both gave me 600 XP and a Slight Increase in reputation with Darnassus.