# Quest ID: 1054
# Quest Title: Culling the Threat
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1054
# For those that want a more exact location: wanders in a small area at 38,35. | Subject: "location"
You must go thru the large wooden gate but not into the underground hold. I found him at roughly 38,34 but when I disturbed him without killing him he roamed about the general area quite a bit but eventually returned to the fire he was originally huddled around. Be prepared - it seems that you will draw about 3 - 4 adds no matter how careful once you pull him. Hes only a level higher than the others at 25. | Subject: "Uggg... he's OUTSIDE"
OMG... I too had been running around inside the cave for an eternity. It just seemed like the place he'd be. I ran around in cat stealth for a while and counted 28 furbolgs in only about half the cave (so there's probably around 50 of them in there).

Finally I read this, and went back outside to hunt amongst the camps... found him outside!

Thanks! | Subject: "Sit and wait.."
Once you follow the directions to get to the camp from the previous poster and pass under/through the wooden gate to the main part of their village, the road forks north and east.
To the east, next to an uphill trail, is a small village with about 5 or 6 Furbolg. This is the best place to wait for Dal. While waiting, keep the area clear of Furbolg. I usually wait on the south side of the east fork with my back to the hills, so nothing sneaks up behind me.
Dal is easy to spot because he's about a head taller than the other Furbolgs. | Subject: "The non-cosmos directions:"
20 seconds run north of Ash bridge is a path east/right, easiest to stay on the left after entering.  You must use this path, no other entrance it seems.  After about 4 fights you will see the large wooden gates to the village where he is located. Go through the gates, again staying on the left.  You will see a camp of many on the left.  He will be in that camp or wandering close by.  He is larger and different color.  Cross over to the other side/right side and just wait for him to come out. Watch and be careful others wander also.  As he starts north after his east move, tag him for a pull all the way to you at the base of the hill.  He will stay alone if you do it correct. Heal first, then loot him and retreat to hill base again.  Go out similar to entry.