# Quest ID: 1056
# Quest Title: Journey to Stonetalon Peak
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1056
# The opening of the tunnel to stone tallon is 43,71 of Ashenvale- a spot called 'The Talondeep Path'. Only a few lvl 22 bears in the area.
Once through the tunnel you drop out at Windshear Crag (78,43 of Stonetalon Mountains). Your quest objective is 37,8 of Stonetalon Mountains. To get there you must travel south to 60,71 (though a good number of lvl 19 & 20 mobs) before turning north. Can pick up another quest ('Super Reaper 6000) at 59,62.
If you have the 'On guard in Stonetalon' quest Kaela is 60,67 (after turning north) on the cliff. Once you get to 'Keeper Albagorm' make sure you get the flight path. | Subject: "Cave"
Since you all have probs to find the cave.
It's at 42,70 | Subject: "x"
leads to "Reclaiming the Charred Vale",
 Reclaiming the Charred Vale | Subject: "here's how to find the tunnel & the peak"
I'm not sure why so many people say they had a hard time finding the tunnel b/c there is a lighted path leading to it.

From the road through Ashenvale heading east: after passing through Astranaar you will see small ruins on the south side of the road just before you reach a tower called Rayne's Retreat. The path is across the road (or south). Look for two lanterns close together slightly off the main road, then the path goes down a little hill (watch out at the bottom of the hill for some level 23ish Furbolgs, but easy to avoid just keep running through toward the lanterns). The path runs along the west side of Mystral Lake, you can look for the lake on your map. Silverwing Retreat is on the lake with a few trainers and suppliers & a quest. From the lake retreat follow the path west toward the mountains. There are a few lvl 21 or 22 ashenvale bears blocking the way that you will might have to kill. Entrance to tunnel is at 43,71 in Ashenvale.

Once through the tunnel, make your way South through Windshear Craig. You will first have to make it through some spiders. Just take it slow to avoid aggro, or just keep running. Then you have to cross through the Venture Lumber Co. These guys should be more your level and pretty easy to make it through. Then you will find some more spiders, and finally the road. From here you should see a sign leading you back North up the road straight to Stonetalon Peak. Stonetalon Peak is at the end of the road as far North as you can go, it's a long walk 37,8. Don't forget to get the flightpath.

p.s. if you want to be lazy & avoid the mobs, just die and resurect at the graveyard, but you might miss picking up a quest. The graveyard is on the road and it's an easy run up to the Peak from there.

Edited, May 14th 2007 5:11pm by gratefulbeauty

Edited, May 14th 2007 5:19pm by gratefulbeauty