# Quest ID: 1062
# Quest Title: Goblin Invaders
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1062
# Subject: "<Blank>"
all around 64,57 | Subject: "extras"
on your way there stop off at ziz fizziks hut just inside the crag, he will give you another quest to kill operators/deforestors for some blueprints. So go kill your loggers and the others and get the prints, then head back, return the prints and accept the quest to give them to sputtervalve in ratchet, head back out of stonetalon and speak with the taauren who gave you the invaders quest, then head to ratchet and turn in the letter to sputtervalve, then head back to ziz fizzik and start the clear cutter quest to kill the mechanicals and keep going, its a nice long loop with a nice exp bonus combined! Oh and there is a wyvern route in red rocks retreat just North by North-West of windshear crag to make for quick travels.

Note that the return quest from sputtervalve involves killing a lvl 27 mob in the crag, and the clear cutters are 23-24 mechanicals, so be a bit higher for these quests ;) | Subject: "info"
This one is easy and there are plentiful mobs to kill. Head north into Stonetalon and go to Windshear Crag. There's a logging company there and you can't miss it. It's clear cut and the mobs are wandering the clear cut area. If you want a better challenge head to the sawmill there. At the sawmill are about 10 mobs and you'll get 3 or 4 per pull.

My results:
You gain 1450 experience.
Your reputation with Orgrimmar has increased.
Received 11 Silver.