# Quest ID: 1068
# Quest Title: Shredding Machines
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1068
# These two mobs partrol the Windshear Crag in Stonetalon

The XT:4 patrols the North Northwest portion of the Crag. Exact spawn point = (67,46)

The XT:9 patrols the South portion of the Crag. I killed it at coord = (67,56)

They are a slower spawn. Takes about 5 minutes after they are killed. | Subject: "youdeviant's verified Tlocs"
XT4 is a @#$%^ to find...
Both are patrolling

XT4 - 66,45
XT9 - around 65,56

Good luck finding them :) | Subject: "tloc"
XT4 at 67,49 around the sawing house
XT9 at 65,56 | Subject: "XT4 location"
if you look on your map you will see a tower in the N/NW part of the Windshear Crag. the XT4 will spawn just east of that structure. it spawns sort of on the path east of it. spawn time is 5-10 mins max. there's also an elite there and the XT 4 spawned on me twice once while clearing the mobs around the elite and the once while attacking it lol. luckily the XT4 is a wuss. hope this helps. the XT9 spawns and roams on the eastern edge of the crag. | Subject: "info"
This one is simple but a pain at times. The two mobs you need are wandering mobs and they tend to wander in the areas with the most concentration of aggro mobs. Surprisingly both were easy to take down with a pet. To hunt these head to Windshear Crag to the clear cut area with the lumber company. You'll need to keep an eye out for a 24+elite mob. Wasn't sure if I could take him but I did. He's human so when you whittle away at his health he'll do the death run at a low level. Just snare him and beat the stuffing out of him some more. He dropped me a nice [Defender Tunic of the Bear]. To bad I can't using.

My result:
You gain 1850 experience.
Your reputation with Orgrimmar has increased.
Received 15 Silver.