# Quest ID: 1079
# Quest Title: Covert Ops - Alpha
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1079
# Subject: "My two coppers..."
Both quests are easy enough if you know when and where to pull.  I did both of them by myself.  If you are a druid or rogue, the best thing to do is prowl around the areas so you can get a good idea of where people are, where the plans and letters are, and where to run.

Covert Ops Alpha - The wagon is in front of the mill on a small hill.  It sits by itself and has some firework looking things on top.  For those with Cosmos or map coordinates, the mill is at 66,50.  There are two loggers close to it, so take them out.  Then attach the explosives, blow it up, and run along the bottom of the hill towards the mill.  Not all of the Venture guys will leave, but that's okay.  The plans are on the west/left side of the mill, on a tree stump.  It looks like a piece of rolled-up parchment.  I shifted to cat from as soon as it blew, prowled over to the parchment, shifted up, grabbed it, and ran out with only 1 aggroed Deforester to take care of behind the mill.

Covert Ops Beta - This is a little more difficult than Alpha.  The wagon for this one is on a small hill in front of the mine.  The mine is located at about 74,58 or so.  There are no guards on this wagon, just an operator, and he's far enough away where he won't aggro.  Slightly behind the wagon there is a small hill.  You can blow the wagon if you stand on that hill and keep the wagon to your right.

The letters for this one are on the right/east side of the mine entrance, on a tree stump.  They look like a stack of books.

Here's the trick for Beta...the kobolds don't run when you blow the wagon.  So, you need to kill some of them before setting the explosives.  On the west side of the mine, there is another small hill with three kobolds wandering.  Take them out.  On the east side of the mine, along the ridge, there are two other kobolds.  Take them out too.  There is another kobold closer to the letters, but if you attack him you'll draw the attention of everyone else, so leave him alone.

Run over to the wagon (don't let anyone see you!) and set the explosives.  Get over to the hill and set them off, then take off running.  Head over the hill where you killed the first kobolds, then turn to the mine and get the plans.  Then run AWAY from the mine (I went to the east, along the cliffs).  The kobold you didn't kill will most likely aggro, but if you stop to kill him the rest of the Venture guys will be back and aggro.  Just make sure your health is full and run along the cliffs.  He stops giving chase soon.

Good luck, and I hope this helps! | Subject: "My route to getting the plans."
When you accept this quest a black bag will be placed in your inventory. This bag contains the instructions, as well as explosives and detonators for both Covert Ops A and Covert Ops B quests. To get these out of your bag you click on them, and accept the question asking if you want to bind them to you. This takes them from the bag and places them in your regular inventory to be used.

The wagon is on a hill south of the mill. You place the explosives on the wagon by getting close to it, then right-clicking on them.

Once placed, move to a hillock which is slightly east of a line between the wagon and mill, and about halfway in between. From here you can blow up the wagon and watch as most of the mill guards move to check it out. Once that's done, you can move in quickly to loot the plans.

Not all guards may leave, so this may best be done with a partner to help clean up the stragglers quickly before the other guards return from the wagon.

The plans themselves are found on top of a crate out front of the mill. They are just outside the south side of the building, west of the ramp that runs up into the building.

You get 2,200 exp for completing this quest. | Subject: "Locations"
The wagon is at 65, 54.

The plans are at 66, 51.

When you set the explosives, back away from the wagon and move away from the logging camp. When you blow up the wagon, about a dozen Venture Co. personnel will run over to where the wagon was, which should allow you to run in and nab the plans. | Subject: "I messed up :)"
So...let's say a huntress gets impatient and decides to try to solo this one, and blows up the cart but then gets killed...are the plans something that only appear right after the explosion, or with a couple friends to clear the lumber mill area, could I possibly get in and loot the plans off of the crate without the explosion, as I'm not really sure how to go about redoing the part of the quest to get the explosives again.

Teory
Celestial Navigators
Whisperwind Server | Subject: "Answered my question"
Ok, answered my own question. The plans are always there and the bomb just makes a "semi-handy" way of getting to the plans. There was still a fair bit of killin and dying involved but luckily there were two of us and handled it quite nicely at level 22. My only problem was that the next step after seems a bit unrelated - the Elf next to Gaxim sends you the Charred Vale to kill things that are around levels 26-28 so will be a bit before the 2 of us can continue on with the quest. | This is part of the long & fun quest chain originating from "On Guard in Stonetalon" (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1070) in Ashenvale.

Prerequisites for this quest are:
-Ineptitude + Chemicals = Fun (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1074)
-Special Delivery for Gaxim (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1077)

This quest leads to:
- Covert Ops - Beta (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1080) | I just wanted to note that when doing this quest, you don't actually need to use the explosives/detonator -- but it's kind of fun, so do it anyway. The quest items are right out in plain sight, so all the explosives do is make it easier for you to go in and grab the item needed. So if you were like me and detonated the explosives and then wondered what the heck to do next (I was searching in the wrong area, eep!), have no fear, you can just clear the mobs the old fashioned way and nab the quest item.

This is fairly straight forward. You can see the lumber mill from the entrance of Windshear Crag, and right in front of it is a small wagon of explosives. Kill any mobs near the wagon then set the blue explosives (by right clicking on the blue explosives in your bags). There's no timer on the explosives, so don't feel like you have to rush out as soon as you place it.

To the left of the front of the lumber mill (looking from the wagon) is a crate with a clickable item -- these are the plans you need. Move away a bit from the wagon, edging up to the crate -- but not too far as the detonator has a pretty small radius to work (I think like 20 yards). When you're ready, use your blue detonator (click it in your bags) and the wagon of explosives will... well, explode. The mobs in the mill will run out to see what's going on -- unfortunately, it's mostly the mobs from the front/inside, and this doesn't help much as the mobs you want are on the left. But it's less to clear, so clear the 2-3 mobs left around the crate, zip in, snag the quest item, and zip out before the crowd comes back to the mill. Personally, I think the explosives sort of complicate things more than needed, but explosions are always fun I suppose. | Plans are outside the mill, not inside at 66, 51 (map: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/object=19602).

The wagon to blow up is at 65, 54.