# Quest ID: 1080
# Quest Title: Covert Ops - Beta
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1080
# Subject: "My two coppers..."
Both quests are easy enough if you know when and where to pull.  I did both of them by myself.  If you are a druid or rogue, the best thing to do is prowl around the areas so you can get a good idea of where people are, where the plans and letters are, and where to run.

Covert Ops Alpha - The wagon is in front of the mill on a small hill.  It sits by itself and has some firework looking things on top.  For those with Cosmos or map coordinates, the mill is at 66,50.  There are two loggers close to it, so take them out.  Then attach the explosives, blow it up, and run along the bottom of the hill towards the mill.  Not all of the Venture guys will leave, but that's okay.  The plans are on the west/left side of the mill, on a tree stump.  It looks like a piece of rolled-up parchment.  I shifted to cat from as soon as it blew, prowled over to the parchment, shifted up, grabbed it, and ran out with only 1 aggroed Deforester to take care of behind the mill.

Covert Ops Beta - This is a little more difficult than Alpha.  The wagon for this one is on a small hill in front of the mine.  The mine is located at about 74,58 or so.  There are no guards on this wagon, just an operator, and he's far enough away where he won't aggro.  Slightly behind the wagon there is a small hill.  You can blow the wagon if you stand on that hill and keep the wagon to your right.

The letters for this one are on the right/east side of the mine entrance, on a tree stump.  They look like a stack of books.

Here's the trick for Beta...the kobolds don't run when you blow the wagon.  So, you need to kill some of them before setting the explosives.  On the west side of the mine, there is another small hill with three kobolds wandering.  Take them out.  On the east side of the mine, along the ridge, there are two other kobolds.  Take them out too.  There is another kobold closer to the letters, but if you attack him you'll draw the attention of everyone else, so leave him alone.

Run over to the wagon (don't let anyone see you!) and set the explosives.  Get over to the hill and set them off, then take off running.  Head over the hill where you killed the first kobolds, then turn to the mine and get the plans.  Then run AWAY from the mine (I went to the east, along the cliffs).  The kobold you didn't kill will most likely aggro, but if you stop to kill him the rest of the Venture guys will be back and aggro.  Just make sure your health is full and run along the cliffs.  He stops giving chase soon.

Good luck, and I hope this helps! | Subject: "<Blank>"
What a pleasant surprise it was that none of the kobolds care about the dynamite.

The Venture Co. people, coincidentally, don't care about the kobolds, so feel free to pull each and every one of them first.

So much for covert ops.  All I learned from this mission is that you can look down the Spirit Healer's shirt. | Subject: "Locations"
The letters are at 74, 59. The mine is a kobold area, which threw me off at first, but you don't actually have to enter the tunnels.

The cart for the explosives is at 76, 57.

When you set off the explosives, about 10-15 Venture Co. people run over to where it was. That lets you run in and grab the letters, though you may have to kill a few kobolds. | Letters : 74.59
Wagon : 75.57 | Subject: "BS"
This quest is BS.  Im lvl 25 and cant do it alone, you will aggro everything that is there when they try to run away.  Get a partner to help with this one.