# Quest ID: 1083
# Quest Title: Enraged Spirits
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1083
# Subject: "Nah"
You must have lucked out, because I've been at it for about three hours total, and I've currently got four. I always hear Sida's Bag has a terrible drop rate and both of my characters got it first kill. I guess this is payback for that... | Subject: "Not hard"
You can find fire elementals on the path down to the Charred Vale, or in the vale itself. The ones on the path are lower level (about 23) while those in the vale were 26-27.

Drop rate was pretty good, about one per two kills, maybe a little better. | The drop rate for the embers in this quest are stupidly rare... Be prepared to run around killing a bunch of fire elementals, which in themselves are a pain to kill due to being spread around with all the harpies : | Subject: "part of series"
This one became available after completing the Covert Ops quests. | Subject: "A Small Change?"
Since I last did this quest, it appears to me that the drop rate has been increased. Don't neglect the two Fire Elementals outside the entrance to the Charred Vale near Mirkfallon Lake. They dropped two embers for me on the way into the Vale and another two on the way out, which is almost like a 200% rate.

The higher-level (27) Fire Destroyers near the Southern part of the Vale dropped nothing. Not even copper. Nada, and I killed each of them about three times as they respawn quickly. Just ignore them. The rate seems to increase as you head North through the Vale.

My 25 Druid got 2100XP and 20 Silver. Not bad for the level of difficulty.