# Quest ID: 1088
# Quest Title: Ordanus
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1088
# Subject: "Oops.."
Forgot to really add the coordinates to my last post, so here comes

61,52 | Also, the co-ords are for Ashenvale (its not obvious) | Subject: "here it is"
ok guys here it is.

Zone: Ashenvale

Coords: 61,52

MAP: NW of Splintertree Post. On the road heading to Felwood. On the map it's a huge tree icon, you can't miss it. at the top of this tree (there are a few rooms and a ramp to the top room) is Ordanus. He calls a BUNCH of tree pets to fight with him. Luckily when i got to the top, there was a mage with a pet there waiting. We grouped and killed him easy. It might be hard solo with all of the 'friends' he calls. | Subject: "Useful Info"
Don't you just love it when someone asks 1 simple question, and everyone just ignores it over and over just to brag about how leet they are and soloed this and that? =)

You DO NOT have to fight the pvp guards or go near them at all. Go to the coordinates 63,50 and you will be standing between two stones that marks the short path that leads to the tower that Ordanus is in.

There are a few laughing sisters on the way to the tower that you can take on easy enough one on one enough. However, you will usually fight no less than three guards at one time once in the tower.

I did this solo as a lvl 29 mage, but it was rough indeed.

Make your life easier, take a group if you can.

Happpy questing!

P.S. Just incase my coordinates are wrong, the path to the tower is off of the road leading to Felwood right next to Raynwood Retreat. The tower is on the left side of the road. | Ordanus is located at (61,52) | Subject: "quest"
best thing to do is to kill ordanus quickly, loot him, then haul ass before his summons can beat you down. | My 27 BM Hunter had no trouble pulling and killing everything on the way up (don't loot - the respawns are very fast) and when getting to the top, I just sent my pet at Ordanus, healed him and we killed Ordanus without too much of a problem while the two other Vindicators (or whatever they're called) beat on my pet and ultimately killed him, as I expected from what everyone has written below.

But then it got more interesting. Instead of the two Vindicators beating me to death as I expected, they started but then about a dozen (two dozen? three dozen?) treants suddenly materialized out of nowhere and descended on me like a massive wave of overgrown poison ivy. Twenty-six against one? Really - you need that many plug uglies to whack a poor troll hunter? Ordanus, you are truly a cowardly bully; no plastic medals for you, ya big sissy.

Fortunately I had read the remarks below, immediately popped a healing potion, looted him and got a chance to rez and chat with my old friend the Spirit Healer for ten minutes whole the hilariously misnamed Rez Sickness wore off. Not only did Ordanus involuntarily surrender his head, he dropped a nice piece of green mail armor, so worth doing even if he needs 700 Macedonian Warriors to kill you.
Last edited by Wimbleton on 2020/08/02 | Subject: "Bad treants!"
Ordanus doesn't summon treants, his vindicator buddies do. PLUS, they only summon when they are losing health. With that in mind, concentrate all fire on Ordanus, cc his helpers, and get out of there once you've looted the head!