# Quest ID: 1096
# Quest Title: Gerenzo Wrenchwhistle
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1096
# In order to get up to the top of the waterwheel you need to go over to the far east side of the lake. You'll find a path there that leads up into the cliffs and to the top of the wheel. | Subject: "Route"
The route up the mountain is up the east side.  Follow the lake and it takes you to a path leading up to the water wheel area.  Make sure you kill Gerenzo without him falling off when he makes a run for it at low health.  ;) | Subject: "the jump"
I don't know if anyone's mentioned it yet, but here's a trick.

When you get to gerenzo focus everything you have on him, kill him, loot him immediately and then book it for the edge and jump off into the lake below.

Not only could it save your life, but its fun too. :) | Subject: "Incorrect XP"
The trail is up from the right side of the lake.

Only worth 2200 xp. | 64, 39 Cragpool Lake (In the Water Wheel). | Subject: "trail"
if u looking for a way to come up, took me ages, look for the trail at loc 73,41. u have to run behind the mountain.

Happy Hunting!
Staika | Subject: "Wimpy"
If you do him methodically, he's cake, no matter where he spawns. Did him with my 23 shaman on the far east platform.

Just kill down to him, target the add. For myself, dropped earthbind, searing, and healing wave. Kill the add and run away. The little mech that spawned despawns when you're out of combat. Now you have Gerenzo all by his lonesome. Rinse and repeat.

There is a roamer that I had noticed before starting, but I figured someone would be dead before he came back around. Wrong. He made it to me before the deed was done, so i thought...what the heck, 1/3rd health, just jump in the water. Loot up and jump off. That leads me to my final suggestion, jump off the east side of the platform. I had about 300 of my 950ish hps and the fall was for 923. You do the math.

Good luck to all you hordies doing this. To you alliance types, jump off the north side. =) | Subject: "<Blank>"
Fairly easy to kill Gerenzo as a 27 rogue straight up (no stealth ambush needed).  I missed him on my first pass through the Water wheel area but he was there the second time.

Note: the Water wheel is high above the back of the  lake.  As  previos posters mentioned, swim east though the lake and then follow the path up the mountain and back west to the wheel.

No mobs in the lake that I saw so its a safe swim. | Don't waste your time with this bull$%^& quest. You spend 15 minutes walking through mountain paths and scaffolds, fight through 12 level 23 goblins, then you are greeted with a level 27 enemy accompanied by a level 23 goblin who summons a shredder. If you die you spend another 20 minutes walking there. All for a mediocre xp reward. Complete waste of time.