# Quest ID: 1106
# Quest Title: Martek the Exiled
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1106
# You must complete the quest 'Salt Flat Venom' and 'Hardened Shells' before you are eligible for this quest. | Subject: "To get there as Horde"
Getting to Badlands is a stinker as Horde, because you have to cross Alliance territories. The way to get there that I have found so far is to go through:
1. Silverpine Forest
2. Hillsbrad Foothills
3. Arathi Highlands (Watch out for Stormwind Guards on the road - there are both Undercity and Stormwind guards as random spawns on the roads in this zone.)
4. Wetlands (There are Alliance NPC's spotted along the roads in this zone, and an Alliance city, Menethil, in the SW corner of the zone. This is a 20-25ish level Alliance zone.)
5. Loch Modan (This is the stinker, since Loch is totally Alliance controlled, and the only way in is through tunnels. If you have a map of Wetlands you will see a fort called Dun Algaz in the SE corner of the zone. This is the beginning of a series of 3 tunnels that go to Loch M from Wetlands. The first tunnel has level 18-ish dwarf mobs guarding it - these you can whack. The next tunnel has a wandering level 30 dwarven guard in it and a second at the far end of the tunnel. These guys give no experience, as they are Alliance guard mobs, and they have elite-range HP. I could kill one as a level 34 shaman, but it took all my mana and left me at 25% HP. The third tunnel has the same type mob (one) guarding it as well, so there are 2 level 30 guards to deal with as you leave tunnel 2 and enter tunnel 3. If you have a group, no problem. If you are solo, as I was, you need invisibility, probably from potions, to pass these guards because killing them will flag you PvP, which you do NOT want going into Loch Modan, a completely Alliance-controlled zone. I haven't made it to the end of tunnel 3 yet, so I don't know how many guards there are there. I assume once you're inside Loch M you can run like heck and get to Badlands from there. There is a pass into Badlands in the south-central edge of Loch M zone.)
5. Badlands (Will post on this when i make it in there. Once there as Horde you can get a flight path that connects between Undercity and Booty Bay; this is a big one.)

6. The other flight path, to Swamp of Sorrows (SoS):

I know this is the only route to Badlands because I tried going another way, in from Stranglethorn and Duskwood from the south, into Redridge Mountains and Burning Steppes. The Steppes are a 50-plus zone; don't go there unless you like graveyards. I spent over 5 gold in repair costs once I got out of there.

Duskwood has an Alliance town named Darkshire in the NW corner, blocking the roads to Deadwind Pass (DW) zone, which you need to get to Swamp of Sorrows (SoS) for the other flight path Horde has on the south end of this continent.

If you can slip up along the east edge of Duskwood, there's a tunnel into DW south of the road through Darkshire that goes to DW. Stay on the road in DW - it's a 50-plus zone.

Once in SoS, stay on the roads, which are patrolled by Horde guards. Once you hit the Horde outpost at Stonard (take the right fork), get the flight path there that connects to Booty Bay. This is also where you must go to get the Horde artisan alchemy quest.

Edited, Mon Feb 7 14:43:12 2005 | Subject: "Experience"
1350 XP at level 38 (at that level, the quest is green). | Subject: "location"
I found him at 42,53 as well | Subject: "Finding martek"
As alliance you reach Badlands through Loch Modan. Reach Thelsamar, then follow the lake south. When you reach the south end of the lake, keep going south, and you will find a pass leading into the Badlands.

Martek was a pain for me to find. He is up against the east side of a mountain range in the middle of the map, south of where you enter the zone. It's scary finding him, as there are a number of mobs in the area that (at the time) were much bigger than I was. | Subject: "Located in Valley of Fangs"
Loc 42,52 | Subject: "Heres an idea"
Do this! for QUICK EASY WAY to BL

1. Go to Ratchet!
2. Get on Boat!
3. Go to Portal! (If you have done that quest, you should be in the Gnomeregan Train Depot)
4. Die!
5. Get res from the Graveyard!
6. All the monsters in Dun Morogh are Gnome and Dwarf beginnings!
7. Go to Martek at 42,52!

PS! Careful when you res not to Aggro the alliance guards! I barely survived the first time :P

PPS!
When choosing which way to go I went to the south gate outpost, simply b/c it was quicker, careful of dodging alliance! dont wanna die :) I survived and halved the time of the run :D HAVE FUN

Done by level 34 undead Warrior

EASY AND FAST

might cost you abit of silver! | Subject: "dir to martek from SGP"
SGP == southgate post

for the hordies: loch modan is a teens level. if you haeve issues there you have issues everywhere. SGP is one of two getways between Loch Modan and IF

note: this assues valley of kings opens for you when you leave southgate and the entire area has nothing on your map
from the valley of hte kings go north to stone splitter valley
from stone splitter valley head east to grizzlepaw valley
once you are there head southeast, there is a small opening tobadlands. if you see only mountains keepp trying south.
upon entering badlands, maker's terrace is to your right. it is an elite area.stay leftish to avoid and go south
stay rightish to avoid the next group and continue south.. shortly you should have angor fotress open up
from angor fortess go southwest on the moutan line until you see a spike reminiscient of thousand needles
on the south side of the "needle" is martek | Subject: "Location"
Martek is at 42,52