# Quest ID: 1107
# Quest Title: Encrusted Tail Fins
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1107
# Subject: "Crappy quest."
So... at ~33 you gotta travel half way across the world, to fight MURLOCS, that are ELITE, UNDERWATER...then travel all the way back across the world, for about 3.5k xp and 75 silver?

Do yourself a favor.

Stay where you are, and grind. You'll make 10x the XP and cash in half the time.

Most idiotic quest ever.
This would be worth it if they gave you a nice green weapon maybe. | Subject: "they locate in the area of 27.23 just dive in"
27.23 | Subject: "not hard to kill, just takes some time."
The Vile Reef is an underwater region off the NW coast of Stranglethorn Vale. It looks like a corla reef in a trench, quite pretty really.

The murlocs are level 35-37 elite. Their hp's were quite big, but their dps didn't seem any larger than for normal 35-37 mobs. The encrusted tail fins were an automatic drop of each one we killed.

I was a 37 druid paired with a 37 hunter, and it took us a little over 30 minutes to kill the 20 we needed.

While there, keep an eye out for clams. These were pretty common, and they contained blue pearls, which I gather are needed for another quest (although I am afraid I don't know which quest at this time). | Subject: "easy"
lvl 35 mage did it easy just had to go to land and eat /drink after eavry kill

Tip: pick some clams to get 9x blue pearls to do the quest in bad land easy | Subject: "Coords"
In strangehorn vale around 25,25