# Quest ID: 1125
# Quest Title: The Spirits of Southwind
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1125
# Loc:
59,46 for Southwind entrance.

Details:
Sentinels
basic melee mobs. immune to standard bleeds.

Druids
casters who moonfire, self-heal and melee. they will heal to full up to 4 times, depending on their level. they are a lot harder than sentinels.

Once you kill one of the mobs there is a chance that a Level 56-58 Hive Drone will spawn.

L54 Druid Tactics:
Sentinels
1) moonfire
2) farie fire
3) rejuvinate self
4) cat form
-- build up combo points until mob is under 1/4 health
5) cat form: rip [DoT finishing move]
6) run along the road until the mob dies

Druids
1) regrowth self
2) moonfire
3) farie fire
4) bear form
-- tank until about dead, using bear self-heal when necessary
5) stun
6) moonfire
7) run along road until the mob dies | Subject: "How did you guys lvled ??"
Seriously ? How did you guys lvled upto the point where you could get this quest ? All these no good messages telling, no shouting, the readers that this quest sucks ?

This is thottbot, a place to get info on how to complete a quest, not to tell ppl WoW sucks. It doesnt OK ?

If you are unable to complete a quest within the timespan you like you got 4 options:
1. "Thott" it.
2. Come with a good tactic yourself.
3. Invite a mate to quest together ( guild, /who )
4. Level and come back later.

Now for this quest, there seem to be alot of ways to succesfully survive the adds. Either by outrunning or outsmarting them. earthshock, entangling roots, earthbind, hammer of justice, frost nova... All seem to work well to either kill the druid/sentinel on a distance or outrunning the adds.

Now to give some info my favo class, mages. We can solo this quest at lvl 54 for all I care. Get to max range (30/35/41 yards, depending on ur build) and start shooting. Remember to use scorch when the mob is to far away for instant cast and to close for a 2,5sec frostbolt/3sec fireball cast. Stay close range and hit him with arcane missles ( which should be the improved, uninterruptable ftw ones) untill the mob is down to 5%-10%. Frost Nova, move back and kill. Remember to counterspell the druid when he is healing himself. Easy to see the green leafies around his hands ( HS animation ). If you do not counterspell him, he will gain approx half his health. In the case frost nova fails, use Cone of Cold and blink.

Now as a frost mage this should really be a walk in the park. All of the mobs are melee attackers so kiting them with FN or CoC absolutly the best way. Added bonus, is that with a good frost-build,  you should be able to kill them with 10-20% of their health when they're frozen.

P.S. I tried it when lvl 54, but I got summoned for an instance when I just killed one. Came back as lvl 59. A breeze. And fantastic good XP. ~250 for the NE, and ~300 for the adds @ 59 !
When only 1 or 2 spawned, it kill them anyway using my favo kite procedures ( FN, DPS, CoC > blink, DPS, FN, DPS ) No good drops, just really nice XP | Subject: "Not an Easy Quest at 55"
55 Druid fighting Druids. Interesting. Didn't know about the bugs the first time. Almost got them anyway but heal drops to 50% speed during a dual attack (with 3 attacking, just kiss your druid ass goodbye) and I couldn't instant heal fast enough. OK, a surprise every now and then is interesting. I didn't need that armor potion anyway. What's 90S when you can kill a mob and get 5S? Uh wait, that doesn't work does it....

Went back from the Tombstone Tavern and whacked a scorpion just to get my fingers working. No loot and 1 rugged leather. If I wasn't a skinner, my reward for that would be....nothing. Hmmm. Lovely place, Silithus. This time I was ready for the bugs. All I had to do was kill the druid. Weird, but I know what he can do, right? Same thing I would do. Whack, heal, bam, heal, chop, heal, thunk, heal, swipe, heal, hit, heal. Interesting - he can heal himself too (duh, he's a druid). So he heals himself and I heal myself. Then he heals himself and I heal myself. How long can this go on? How about 20 minutes?

I ran from the bugs, not because I wasn't ready for them, but because I read the posts! Also because I was bored. Twenty minutes of fighting & healing cyles is like twenty minutes of watching paint dry after awhile. Like the pendulum in a grandfather clock. I think I will wait a few levels and then come back for this. I hope it has about 10,000XP because that's what I think it needs.

Nice scorpions, though.