# Quest ID: 1131
# Quest Title: Steelsnap
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1131
# Rogue tip;

If you're not well-geared/high enough to solo, stealth behind the group when you find them and use the very edge of distract circle to stop one of the hyena. After about 5-6 seconds you can attack the lone one without pulling the others as they've walked off too far, thus making the quest totally easy. It will dash to catch up after the distract duration has ended, but the window of opportunity is enough to do the job. | In Classic he spawns exactly at 17,22 at the southwest entrance to Camp E'thok.
Level 30 Hyena with two Level 29 Hyena adds.
All three are skinnable, making it sometimes difficult to find his remainings and judge his remaining respawn time. (approx. 10 minutes, as usual) | This quest is good to do while your hunting Thundering Bolderkin's for "A New Approach" (towards the top part of the map). You're bound to run into Steelsnap and his 2 counterparts collecting the items you need. | The path is counterclockwise so go clockwise along the path and you'll run into them. Then just set up an ambush. | Steelsnap is located on the Western Side of Thousand Needles. He has 2 other guard hyenas and can be found wandering. Bring a group because you can't solo this without a buddy. | Found him and his posse at 19,26. As a level 28 hunter, it was a pretty easy experience.
I sent my pet in, and pulled one of the hyenas off of him(Frost Trap), then worked on Steelsnap, looted, and disposed of his buddies.