# Quest ID: 1134
# Quest Title: Pridewings of Stonetalon
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1134
# A good place to do this is southwest of the lake, around 44.47. The pridewings there have a fast respawn rate, i.e. by the time I killed one another one had spawned.

edit: Don't go alt+tab to post comments while you're there. You might end up dead :D | Subject: "read this its a step by step no problem now"
1.enter thr talondeep path @42,71 enter cave
2.leave cave on other side
3.you will now be in WINDSHEAR CRAG fight your way south and leave.
4.you will come to a sign take STALON PEAK
5.follow road for awhil
6.next sign take STALON PEAK
7.finally your there cords are 51,44

LETS MAKE IT SIMPLE MY FELLOW GAME PLAYERS
 
    BEST    REGARDS
      BEOTCH (thats my charter name)

GOOD LUCK ALL | Subject: "Prerequisite"
By the way, the quest "The Zoram Strand" (given by the same NPC), is a prerequisite for recieving this quest. Just thought you guys should know. | Drop rate is very poor, also make sure that you dont stay about on a respawn spot cause if you get outnumbered you're running back from the Spirit Healer sharpish! | Subject: "Pridewing location"
Look in location 50,46.

Near Mirkfallon Lake

Warning they re-spawn quickly. | Prerequisite for this quest is "The Zoram Strand" (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1008) | Subject: "Forever and a day"
I think I had to kill about 200 of these things to get the 12 venom sacks.  At least I got lots of leather out of the deal.  There is a nest of pridewings up in the rocks with at least one chest of goodies so go for them if you can... | Subject: "<Blank>"
go stonetalon mountains (50,43) thru pass at ahenvale,