# Quest ID: 1136
# Quest Title: Frostmaw
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1136
# You should have a scroll of Kobo skin in your bag, this will tell you how to call Frostmaw.

First you must kill a lion in the area, and get the carcass.

He is to the northwest of Tarren mill, you are in the correct area if there are lots of white yetis. There will be a cave, go into the cave and clear it. Then place the carcass of the lion on the fire in the cave. That will call Frostmaw. | Subject: "Directions and stuff"
Easily soloed as lvl 35 holy priest.

Follow the road going north of Tarren Mill till you hit Altarac Mountains, then go west and then south when you get to the yetis. The cave is southwest from there.

Around 38'68 in Altarac Mountains if you use coords.

Place the fresh carass (can be obtained by a lion in Hillsbrad) and wait for Frostmaw to come.

Edited, Sun Apr 9 17:11:50 2006 | 1. Thou shalt NOT destroy the Fresh Carcass if thou thinkest thy will just clear up some space in thy bags before doing the quest later.
2. If thou doest destroy the Fresh Carcass, thou shalt immediately realize thy mistake as destroying any quest item also abandons that quest, thy dumbass.
3. Get thee back to Tunder Bluff and pick up thy quest again, thy heathen!
Last edited by Coldbear on 2019/09/26 | Subject: "Mountain Lion"
When I read the scroll for the quest it said that you need the carcass off of a hulking mountain lion; however, my wife and I did this quest tonight and we found that you can get the carcass off of a regular mountain lion. So make it easier on yourself and just kill the mountain lions. | Prerequisite - requires the quest Steelsnap:
 Steelsnap