# Quest ID: 1153
# Quest Title: A New Ore Sample
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1153
# Subject: "Key to getting the ore..."
Apparently the ore is only found on diggers and surveyors and apparently you need to let them dig before killing them.

I must have killed 15 diggers just after they dug. I noticed however that the one time I finally got the ore, the digger took a break and wiped his brow while digging. Thinking this might be a clue, I destroyed my ore sample and followed three more diggers around and waited until each dug but also did the brow wipe animation then proceeded to kill the digger. Each of the three times I got the ore sample.

Hope this helps. | Subject: "Here's how I did it:"
I found it between 65,51 - 67,51, watch for the respawn right where the round boulder is up against a small mountain. It seemed every 5-10 minutes a surveyor or someone similar would come around, it was an eventual drop. DO NOT LEAVE THIS AREA.

For those without Cosmos, if you are to come out of Shimmering Flats and take the main road (the one that is almost a straight line through Thousand Needles,) on the map you'll notice that immediately there are 2 hills to the left and one to the right, GO TO THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE RIGHT MOUNTAIN. Do not go past this mountain. | Subject: "Get Real"
There is nothing magical about this quest.

You dont need to wait for them to dig.

The digger I killed has JUST SPAWNED.

Location - 53,44 | This is a horrible quest. I've spent at least half an hour trying to complete it on just about every character I've taken through 1k Needles, and haven't been successful once.

There's only a few of these guys in the whole region, and the drop rate is very low. Just spend the time grinding on wolves while you wait for one of them to spawn over and over. | Got mine off a Digger at 62,45 | Very annoying quest for the rewards. I advise taking it and while questing through out Thousand Needles chances are high you'll run into enough of these guys to get the item. Which bring me to my next point the drop rate is quite low for NPCs that are pretty hard to find.

If you do need to go searching for them, go to the east of the Great Lift and follow the ridge till you get to the centaurs there about 3 or 4 that spawn frequently between there.