# Quest ID: 1164
# Quest Title: To Steal From Thieves
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1164
# Subject: "Here..."
The Dabyrie Farmstead is in Arathi Highlands wich is east of Tarren Mill. The Farmstead is north-east of Refuge Point. When you go from Hammerfall its just to go west and your right there. You cant miss it.

One of the tree is up on the hill north of the farm. The second one is in the thats most to the south-east of the farm. And the final one is in the house thats south-west of the farm.

One more thing. The guy thats in the south-west house has a "bodyguard". Its just a lvl 31 standing right beside him. So its kind of impossible to just tag one. | Subject: "Easy Coords"
Fardel - 57,41 in front of barn
Marcel - 54,39 in stables
Kenata - 56,36 in the house | Subject: "Giant Grizzled Bear"
I tried to talk to that Giant Grizzled Bear, but he just growled at me. | Subject: "coords"
Fardel is 57,41 in front of the house!
Marcel is 54,39 ! in the other house
well the last is upside the hill in the little house :)

This quest is bugged! fardel and the last head are not listed in my quest log (but when i picked up it said "Fardel's Head 1/1")! | You'll find one member of the family in or around the three buildings on the farm. Kenata is almost always inside the house on the hill. Fardel is usually in the stable and Marcel hangs out around the barn. Occassionally he will be inside the barn, but he is usually outside. The last time I killed him he was halfway between the barn and the stable though. Just look for the humans that are wearing clothing different from the workers and militiamen. | Subject: "Must be at least a 29 to do this"
EASIEST WAY! Take flight path from UC to Hammerfall. Exit and go west until you reach Dabyrie's Farmstead. Go to these coor. to find each head.... 54,39 for Marcel; 57, 41 for Fardel; 56, 36 for Kenata. 2 of these people are inside the houses. 1 of them is wandering just outside of a house. Beware of the 31's guarding them. Have fun! | Subject: "!"
She's a level 35 inside the little house on top of the hill. Not a spellcaster. | Mobb Lvls 30 to 34
Arathi Highlands
West of HammerFall
At Dadyries Farmstead
Kenata - 56,36
Faedel - 54,37
Marcel - 53,39 | Subject: "Lvls"
Fardel lvl 33
Marcel lvl 34
Kenata lvl 35