# Quest ID: 1202
# Quest Title: The Theramore Docks
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1202
# Subject: "Wrong loc on obj:Chest"
The thottbot loc for the chest to find letter is wrong.  The correct location is 71,51 right next to the northeastern dock of Tharamoore. | Subject: "No problems for my Warlock"
I did not see the sharks myself. However, I don't doubt they were there. Plenty of skeletons around as you approach the chest.

I'm horde, so I flew to Brackenwall village in Dustwallow. Then I headed out toward the main road. There are road and bridges from the village to the MAIN road, even though they don't show up on either map. Once on the main road, go North. There are 2 Alliance towers along the way -- be  sure to skirt around both unless you're spoiling for a fight.

Just as you approach Theramore Isle, a graveyard sits on the left side of the road. Exit the road through the graveyard and go down to the beach. I found no mobs here, but you never know.

Now enter the water and swim around Theramore Isle, keeping an eye out for the sharks. When you get to where you can see the first pier/dock, dive down and swim toward the middle of it. The chest is at the base of one of the poles.

As others have pointed out, you can also do this by running around the outside of the castle walls, but that has its own risks with patrols or wandering guards. | Completely safe to do on hardcore. Just swim down from the north (outside Theramore), and dive down when you're in the right place. Just watch out for Threshers on the way there, and possibly sharks when you're diving down. Should never be anywhere near the guards. | Subject: "Very Easy"
Yeah just as below. Loc: 71,52

Edited, Sat Mar 12 19:43:10 2005 | Chest/Documents spawned at 71,51 for me. | Subject: "Found it"
For those who dont have cosmos the footlocker is under the eastermost dock off Theramore Isle. Had to sneak by water all the way to it, but fortunately there was only one shark there.

Hope that helps