# Quest ID: 125
# Quest Title: The Lost Tools
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=125
# At coord (41,54) - above the first 'L' in Lake Everstill on the map. | Subject: "<Blank>"
toolbox=41,54

lots of lvl 18-20 murlocks so if ur a lower lvl watch out..u can probably swim around them but its just a warning | Subject: "<Blank>"
If you open up your world map, the chest is located at the top of the letter "L" in the word Lake.  There are no murlocs if you access it from the south shore of the lake by the bridge guards. | Here's the best way to find the toolbox. First, stand on the bridge leading into Lakeshire. You'll see a patched, wooden part of the bridge*- stand on that and jump off into Lake Everstill below - jumping off the east side of the bridge into the water. Swim east and look underwater - beware of level 18 and 19 murlocs. As you swim east underwater, you'll come to a sunken rowboat. Keep swimming past it to the second sunken rowboat, and you'll see the chest on the bottom of the lake by the second sunken rowboat. So basically, jump east off the Lakeshire bridge and swim east, watching underwater for murlocs and the first then second sunken rowboat, and you'll find the sunken chest that contains Oslow's tools there on the bottom near the second sunken rowboat. Good luck!

*note - the wooden patched section of the Lake Everstill/Lakeshire bridge I am talking about is the small patch that's closest to the south end of the bridge & the Redridge Mountains- not the wide wooden section of the bridge closest to Lakeshire. Right when you're first starting to enter Lakeshire, coming in from Redridge Mountains, that southern end of the bridge has a small little wooden patch on its east side. That's where I'm talking about. | Subject: "location"
To find the tools, jump straight off the end of the single dock on the east side of the bridge by town. Swim east underwater and you will see the wreckage of a small boat on the bottom of the lake. Continue east to another small boat wreckage by some rocks, the tools will be there inside a Sunken Chest. | Subject: "Location"
I found the chest right beneath the letter " L " on the map beneath the word Lake in "Lake Everstill". | Subject: "Tools"
This quest was easy. I'm L18 Mage. I found the chest at the bottom of the lake near where the letter "L" is on the map.

Yes, there are Murloc's around but I found that approaching from the south side of the lake was the easiest way in. There are a few Murloc's around the chest but they are patroling so if you time your entry right you can get in and get the tools and be out before the Murlocs come back into agro range.