# Quest ID: 1282
# Quest Title: They Call Him Smiling Jim
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1282
# Subject: "For the people that CAN NOT talk to Guard Byron"
It's because you have already done the other pre-quest that send you to start this chain.

You either start it with:
'They Call Him Smiling Jim' in Theramore Isle
or
'James Hyal' in Stormwind City  James Hyal you can not get/complete both.

Both of them end up sending you to Captain Garran Vines that points you to the Shady Rest Inn, where you can get the following quests that follow this chain by 3 items at the burned inn:
- The Black Shield:  The Black Shield Suspicious Hoofprints:  Suspicious Hoofprints Lieutenant Paval Reethe:  Lieutenant Paval Reethe | Subject: "The point is to send you to Dustwallow"
There is no follow up directly, but the point is for newer players who don't know the zones well enough to know where to go next.  This is one of those quests that's along the same lines as "hey, go talk to Captain Numbnuts in this other zone."  You're supposed to go there and then see that there's a bunch more quests to do, but in most cases the person you're sent to usually has some quests of his own.  This time he doesn't.

You get it just before you get on the boat, you turn it in when you get off.  It's free XP, what more do you want? | Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
I got 110 XP for doing this at level 42 (it was green already). There were no reputation adjustments.

In case you have trouble finding Captain Vimes, he's upstairs in the Citadel | Subject: "The Captain"
Captain Garran Vimes is at /tloc 68,49

He can be found on the second floor of the Foothold Citadel