# Quest ID: 1373
# Quest Title: Ongeku
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1373
# Subject: "Horde and Alliance Directions to Swamp"
From Desolace, walk/ride/fly in your most direct route to Auberdine, Darkshore (alliance) or Ratchet, Barrens (alliance or horde).

Auberdine: Take the boat to Menethil. Fly/walk to Ironforge, then fly/tram to Stormwind. Fly/walk south east to Duskwood, and from Darkshire (town) go east through Deadwind Pass then south-east along the roads to Swamp of Sorrows.

Ratchet: Boat to Booty Bay in Stranglethorn Vale, then walk/ride up to Duskwood. Avoid the guards if horde and take Deadwind Pass through to Swamp of Sorrows.

There may be a better route from STV to SoS that doesn't involve going through alliance ground, but I'm alliance so I didn't look into it much. I just saw the only feasible way to SoS is DWP, which is accessible from Duskwood.

Alliance: if you can't avoid/survive Barrens Guards, take the long menethil route, especially if you have all the FP's I meantioned. Its safe and familiar. | Subject: "61,20"
Coords are precise. For those who don't have Cosmos (missing out big time), simply follow the road to the left when it forks until you get to Fallow Sanctuary. He's near the back of this place near a campfire. If you have a class that can stealth, this quest is easy. If not, it'll be a long fight to get to him as the road is surrounded by mobs, making it hard to solo below lvl 40 or so. He's a lvl 37 non-elite that can be pulled alone and away from any trouble. | Its actually pretty easy all you have to do is go to grom gol run thru duskwood and go west into deadwind past which has no agroable mobs and you'll be in swamp of sorrows..

btw found him at 63,20 | It is called draenethyst, and it is new to our earth. It comes from a place where mountains fly, and where demons rule.
I love those subtle hints at Outland in Classic quests <3 | Subject: "co-ord"
confirmed found at 65,22 | Subject: "Swamp of Sorrows"
Swamp of Sorrows - Eastern Kingdom
If you are following the road east and get to Fallow Sanctuary, I found Onegku just past the first hut icon that you can see on the map. Actually, I came up from the river instead though, that way I didn't really have to spend tonnes of time killing my way in. He is by a cauldron over a fire, it's not super easy to see the cauldron but you can if you look closely. He was on the right side of the road, the black cauldron is ON the fire, with little bubbles coming out of it. He is non-elite and there are about 2 other non-elites near him...but I was able to pick them off individually first and THEN get Oneku. | Gave up in frustration trying to find this guy my first time through wow classic, but found him on my second character. He was a bit west of the marker that Questie puts on the map, standing near a cauldron. I was easily able to pull him solo after dispatching one additional mob on the perimeter.