# Quest ID: 1374
# Quest Title: Khan Jehn
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1374
# Subject: "Loc and Info"
66,80 Inside of the Tent

He summons a Maruader with him so it can be a little challenging at a lower level.

I solo'd easily only healing myself once at level 39 Shaman (no totems).

Those of you without coords....Southwest tip of the lake in the camp. | Subject: "Re: Khan Jehn [1374]"
I also got confused with all of the previous comments so here it is the correct info:

Coords: 66,80 in Desolace

He can be found inside a tent around the same place were you did the first Gelkis quest. He is level 37 and he summons a 35 mob to help killing you. First, defeat the mobs out of the tent, and then go inside and kill Khan Jehn and his add.

Cleared now? | 66,80 Inside of the Tent | Subject: "the trick"
Khan jhen is still bugged, BUT :

As an earlier poster said , start meleeing him. After some time ( approx 2 min for me ) he started attacking back. HP werent dropping on him, at least not in the target window.

Keep hitting him, with spell and sword, whatever you like - he WILL die.

For me he stayed in the tent and fell dead there. Dumb thing was I was outside when he died, following the *WRONG* advice of some other posters.

So the corpse is out of range to loot.

THE TRICK :
As this has apparently to do with a lag issue , I thought, lets relog.
And BINGO , after relogging khan jhen was on his final resting place outside of the tent for me. I looted the corpse and went my way.

So relogging when you cant loot him might help you as well !

Good huntings,