# Quest ID: 1382
# Quest Title: Strange Alliance
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1382
# Subject: "Clan Locations"
Gelkis Clan Area: Around (39,81) Area towards SW corner of map.
Magram Clan Area: Around (60,73) The lakes at the SE area of map.

I personally suggest becoming friendly with Gelkis, simply because you will be able to reach Ferelas easier with the path.

~Melagius~
Malygos Server | Subject: "Coords"
Uthek the Wise is at 36,79. | Subject: "Is it worth it if they are grey?"
Everyone starts with 2000/3000 neutral with both centaur clans.  Each kill is +20/-100 rep if they give exp and +4/-100 rep otherwise.  Bosses (there is only 1 of each clan) get you +25/-125 rep if they give exp and +5/-125 otherwise.
You become KoS with one clan after 20 kills, slightly faster if you kill the named.  To get friendly you would need 1000 rep which is also 20 exp kills but to get the 1000 rep from no exp kills takes 500!  IMHO you will be grinding rep for a lot of different factions in the end so there is no point burning out early by faction grinding near useless centaurs. | Subject: "Magram Location"
You can find the magram on the other side of the kodo graveyard: 65,76 | Subject: "pick one quest or the other"
It might technically be possible to do both this quest and Brutal Politics...

Both quests are chains ending at about lvl 42, and you must retain your reputation with your chosen clan to complete them. F.or each kill you gain 20 rep with the opposing clan and lose 100 rep with the clan you killed. So to complete one quest and then try to reverse your reputation with the other clan to complete the other quest would not only take more kills than the first but would also be a waste of time since you would already have exceeded the level of the quest. After reviewing each chain of quests to the end, I have chosen this quest for several reasons.

1. the Gelkis are enroute to Feralas, and the Magram are easily avoidable. I didn't want to compromise future travel

2. you can collect Centaur ears from the Magrams to complete the quest Centuar Bounty

3. this quest will not cost me money or have any hard to obtain items as certain aspects of Brutal Politics does

4. Although the end reward for this quest is not usuable for my character it will fetch more cash (almost twice as much) in the end & I already have better equipment than the reward for the other quest.

So I suggest reading through the forums for the quests yourself and then decide which one you might want to do.

p.s. I read somewhere on one of these quests that you can open your Reputation Menu (K) and uncheck "at war" with your unfriendly clan and they won't attack you. I haven't tried this yet, but it's worth a shot.

and Uthek the Wise is at 36,79

Edited, May 19th 2007 10:12am by gratefulbeauty | Subject: "Horde Quest as well"
The Horde can also do this quest