# Quest ID: 1395
# Quest Title: Supplies for Nethergarde
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1395
# Subject: "like every other failed quests"
if you waited too long to go deliver them, the crate of stones will disappear from your inventory. Just go abandon the quest and go back to the guy in Darkshire to get the quest again. I recommend, running to Nethergarde Keep first, take a gryphon back to Darkshire, accept the quest, then fly right back. You spend maybe 6silver for flight, but you get like 50silver as reward and XP (depending on your level). Easy enough quest to do. | Subject: "easy easy easy"
I did this quest without a FP in five minutes. Take Deadwind pass and just keep to the main road so the birds won't attack. Then when you hit SoS, hang a right at Splinterspear Junction, then the next right after that. Follow that road into the Blasted Lands until it opens up in front of you and you see the level 45+ animals. Go left and follow the road as it turns back north. Voila, Nethergarde Keep!

The only thing that you may have to fight is a couple of orc scouts in SoS, but I was mounted and just out ran them. Easy XP in this one. | The crate of stones expires after a certain period of time, just pick it up again in Darkshire. If you are en-route to Nethergarde Keep when they expire then continue and speak to the flight master there so that you can fly back to Darkshire then back to Nethergarde Keep quickly. | Subject: "Very easy, just run"
I read the stones have 60 min timer.
That is enough for walking or mount.
When you receive quest, just walk to east, and you see Deadwind pass. Keep at left side, this road is 100% mob free. Then you're already by Swamp of Sorrow. Follow the road, but you shall see some mobs walking around. Try avoid them.
Keep running on the way to Stonard (keep at right side of the roads)
Then you see the way to right, follow it now.
When you're in The Blasted Lands, you see a mine at left side. Walk up the hill to the mine, named Garrison Armory. You see the castle Nethergarde Keep already. Walk there. No mobs risks are here.
Between big buildings, at right side of the small tower, you see him. Walk now more to right, behind the big building, you see fly master.
(I have running with mount the road little more south and then left to the Keep. The mob risk is little higher, but it's also possible. But just passing the mine at left is sure 100% mob free.) | Subject: "XP"
2900 at level 47