# Quest ID: 1418
# Quest Title: Neeka Bloodscar
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1418
# Subject: "OMG they need to tell you how to get there!!!"
This quest really isn't worth the time!  It's good in the sense that it makes you discover the Badlands so that you can start questing over there but it's nearly impossible to find all of the passes to get there on your own.  If it weren't for guildies I'd still be wandering around.  Best I can say is take the port in Booty Bay (if you can't do it go to Org. engineer and get the quest for it so you can use the port), get out of Gnom. and then just follow the road towards Loch Mordan.  It's a long hike - just keep following the signs towards Loch.  You'll eventually end up at mountains and an entrance to your left - never being in that area before I wasn't sure if it was the entrance to Loch or what.  You won't get ganked my alliance if you go in - it's a pass through the mountain.  Once you get through you'll just follow the road to another pass.  Take that and then follow the road til it T's - Loch won't be on the signs anymore but head to the left up the hill.  You won't go too far up and it will say you discovered Loch.  The pass to get to the Badlands is at 48,69.  Nothing too high level so you don't have to worry about getting mauled.  Once you FINALLY find the Badlands follow along side the mountains to the north all the way to the west and there you will find the horde camp of Kargath.  The coords for Kargath are around 4,46 and Neeka is all the way up the tower (at the second level up).  I really hope this helps someone! | Subject: "The way to Badlands"
I run from Arathi to wetlands and then trough dun algas that is guarded by lvl 30 pvp dwarfs then into lock modan and in the south there are a way in to badlands, just follow the edge of the map, or die.

cosmos user:
the entrence from lock modan - badlands tloc 46,78
kargath tloc 4,46
excuse my english