# Quest ID: 1428
# Quest Title: Continued Threat
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1428
# An excuse to kill murlocs is reward enough for me. | Subject: "Stagalbog Cave"
There are plentiful supplies of Inksprayers, Flesheaters and Marsh Oracles in Stagalbog Cave, at 67,76 | The cave in Stalebog contains all three types of the murlocs you need to kill, and personally was much nicer then trying to pull single oracles out of large packs off the beach or underwater. The only issue I had was trying not to run into Swamp Talker, who I think has two different spawn points from within the cave. Running into a level 50 surrounded by level 44 mobs at 43 wouldn't have gone well I'm sure. | No reward, even though the quest hints to one. :(

Note: Quest isn't repeatable.
Last edited by Skosiris on 2010/03/12 (Patch 1.12.1) | I didn't know about the cave, but if you can deal with being underwater the sunken ship area at 95,25 has about 7 spawns which are usually half oracle half flesheater.

A potential bonus over the cave is that they are pretty much all single pulls with no possibility of aggro from runners. IE: safe ;) | You can find Oracles further up the coast, to the north. | Prerequist: Threat From The Sea (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1427) | Subject: "re"
There are lots of Oracles in Stagalbog Cave. | Subject: "Shore"
For the shore, you'll find Flesheater/Oracle between 94, 25 and 94, 60. The Flesheaters seem to be more likely to spawn than the Oracles, so all the (I think, three maybe four) spawns for the Oracles get clogged up sometimes.

For you herbalists, I found a cluster of Stranglekelp around 93,73.