# Quest ID: 1452
# Quest Title: Rhapsody's Kalimdor Kocktail
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1452
# Subject: "location of beasts that drop required items"
Thank you all for directions.

Found the Rocs at 44,40 south of Gadgetzan in Tanaris (near giant rib cage); and

South of Dire Maul at approx. 58,58 in Feralas found bears and apes lvl 41-43 near Yeti cave.

When I handed in the quest at Hinterlands, received a new quest "Rhapsody's Tale" (delivery to Caskbelly in Dwarven District, Stormwind) plus 3600xp (my char is lvl 41).

Caskbelly gave me 2700xp plus another quest: "The Temple of Atal'Hakkar" (in the Sunken Temple - Swamp of Sorrows).

This is a longer series of quests than I expected, so I am glad that I wasn't discouraged by the seemingly poor reward for "Rapsody's Kalimdor Kocktail". It is all worth the effort. | Subject: "Gratz Loraine"
Easily the best post, the one above will solve any quest problems you have. Its generally a slow quest, so stick with it. I did it because I'm doing ST soon so needed the chains done.

Make sure you vote for posts that help you! | Let me save you the rage I went through. Did this on WoW Classic live servers and found about 3 rocs in 40 minutes in all the spots listed here (one of them was glitched out under the ground and evading.)

Rocs SHARE A SPAWN with hyenas. So what you should do is pick a spot of animal bones in Tanaris and stick with it, and if they're swarming with hyenas, start killing them and wait for respawns. | Subject: "<Blank>"
Rocs:

Tanaris region (south of Gadgetzan)
level 43-45; 3 gizzards in 7 kills

60, 47 (north or northwest of Caverns of Time)
52, 49
48, 46 (bones, 3-4 rocs respawn) | Subject: "Drop rate and location"
The location 45,40, as per previous posts, is a prime spot for hunting down rocs. I was lucky enough to get the 3 gizzards off 5 kills.

I found plenty of those ironfur bears both north and south of the main road as you enter feralas from thousand needles. Got the 3 livers off about 8 kills.

The Groddoc apes are a little trickier to find. They are found mostly around The High Wilderness, east of the Feral Scar Vale. I managed to get all the required items off 10 kills. | Take note that the Searing Roc in the southwest of Tanaris have a significantly higher Gizzard droprate compared to the normal Rocs and Fire Rocs (22% vs 8%). They're level 47-49 though. Click the link for the spawn locations.

Also take note that any of these rocs have a chance of dropping a  Giant Egg, which is a requirement for the 225+ cooking quest. That makes it quite popular on the auction house (selling for ~50s a piece on my server at the time of writing).
Last edited by WebGremlin on 2019/09/19