# Quest ID: 1579
# Quest Title: Gaffer Jacks
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1579
# Subject: "The rock at 36 , 42"
its probably just a coincidence, but the only time I was ever able to catch these damn things was while I was fishing off a rock near the northern exit to the auberdine inn. Tried other places nothing, kept coming back here and every other catch was a gaffer. Anybody else try this spot? | Subject: "about 10 to 15 minutes"
Took the advice here and fished from the rock just outside the northern door of the inn. I caught:

7 Mackerel
4 Rainbow fin albacore
3 Oily blackmouth
4 Darkshore groupers

and

8 Gaffer Jacks

that makes a drop ratio of about two to one.

BTW. I was at lvl 75 by the time I started fishing | Subject: "Level for quest"
You got to have 30 in fishing skill to get the quest, but you need luck to get all Gaffer Jacks quickly.

I read about a dranei how had to train for skill 150 to get it. That could be a rest of early problems for dranei to get various quest.

A good place to fish is outside the inn. If you stand on the right place you are even restig! :-)

Tips]
Rise your skill in cooking with all the extra fish. You can buy recipie for Slitherskin Mackerel close to Teldrassils FP and for Rainbow Fin Albacore by the fisher man who stands above the beach a short walk south of Auberdine | Subject: "All 8 in under 15 mins!"
Go to the tiny island just south of the Auberdine dock. You'll know you're on the right island when you see a campfire and a broken down house.

I fished on the western side of this island and retrieved all 8 gaffer jacks in less than 15 minutes.

Good luck! ^_^ | Subject: "skill level"
I leveled my fishing starting at 20 and running back to this guy every 5 points or so.

He was offering the quest somewhere between fishing skill 35 and 41. | Subject: "Where to Fish"
I fished off the dock in Auberdine where the boat comes in from Menethil.  Drop rate was terrible for first two Jacks, then changed to 1 drop about every 4-5 casts. Takes a bit, experience ok/hour... | Looks like you need a fishing skill of at least 35.
I did this on a character around level 20 not realizing it was there and having done The Family And The Fishing Pole, later on an alt i was unable to obtain this quest and couldn't figure out why, thinking i needed to finish the above mentioned quest and that not being the case i then thought maybe i needed to finish all of the Buzzbox quests i was confused to find out that this was NOT the case. Eventually i think i saw someone mention you needed a certain fishing skill level and i tested it out and this does appear to be the case. Hopefully this information can help someone else who is also confused to save time and frustration.