# Quest ID: 1667
# Quest Title: Dead-tooth Jack
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1667
# Subject: "Tactic for killing Jack and Co."
After much trial and much more errors, I have come upon a tactic that can help you beat this quest.
#1: Find the camp. It's hard to kill Jack if you can't find him. If you need help, read all the posts above this one.
#2: Kills those wolves and Defias around the camp. You do not want them to be accidently aggro'd in the fight against Jack. Trust me. It has happened to me. And make sure you kill that one guard to the right of Jack without aggro'ing him. That would be bad.
#3: After you kill all those pesky guards and wolves, charge at Jack's lone guard and kill him. You might be wondering, "Why the guard? Why not Jack himself?" Simple. I found out the hard way that Jack has an insanely fast respawn time. So fast that you can see him walk on his own corpse. While you're fighting the guard, you might want to throw in a thunder clap in there somewhere to slow Jack's attacks.
#4: After you killed the guard, hamstring Jack and run the heck away. Since you already killed all those defias and wolves, nothing will interfere will your running away. Also, you might want to switch into Defensive stance here just to be safe.
#5: Did you get away from Jack? You did? Great! Now rest up and go back there and kill him.
#5b: Did you get away from Jack? You didn't? Oh well. At least you'll be fighting Jack one-on-one now. So get res'd and go kill him!
#6: After you kill him, spit on him for making you go through so much pain and agony. Ok, this step may not be necessary, but I think everyone is going to do it nonetheless.
#7: Get the key off of Jack and unlock the box. Take the badge.
#8: Turn the quest in.
#9: Be happy. You just beaten this annoying as hell quest. | Location 89, 78 | Subject: "Coords (aprox.)"
Coords are in the rgion around (88,78)

I did this solo at lvl 10 all I needed was a blade, a health pot, battle rage, and elixer of strength