# Quest ID: 1698
# Quest Title: Yorus Barleybrew
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1698
# Subject: "Quest run through"
Okay, here's the run down of the lvl20 warrior quest (Alliance side). There are two things you need to know about this quest, firstly is that this is a LOOOONG series of quests and will take you about a day to complete (if you do them all). Secondly is that YOU CANNOT DO THESE SOLO. Unfortunately for most they only realise this when they are further down the line, the mobs that you need to kill for the Fire Hardened armor quests are lvl28+. However, if you do manage to complete all the quests then at the end you will end up with:

Furen's Favor (shield)
Fire Hardened Hauberk (chest)
Fire Hardened Leggings (legs)
Fire Hardened Coif (head)
Fire Hardened Gauntlets (gloves)

Note: The only stuff really useful in the above list is the Hauberk, I myself was using it mid to late 30s because not much drops thats better than this. Green Iron Hauberk (smithy crafted) is what I upgraded to when I could make it. Also, the Fire Hardened items are not a set so there are no extra bonuses.

Quest 1: Yorus Barleybrew

Simple enough. To pick up this quest talk to Wu Shen the Warrior Trainer in Stormwind, Old Town district near the SI:7 building. From here he will give you this quest and send you to Redridge, Lakeshire Inn to talk to Yorus.

Quest 2: The Rethban Gauntlet

This quest can be easy or hard, its luck of the draw. You have to run into a cave then get back without being killed. The cave is in the North West of Redridge, head West from Lakeshire until you hit the mountains then follow them North past a Gnoll Camp. You head round the corner at a big rock and into the cave, 10 secs into the cave you come to a fork and you get the 'Complete' message and then have to run back. If you die then you have to start the quest again by talking to Yorus.

Sometimes if someone has been questing then all the Gnolls in the area are dead. This IS soloable. You have an hour to do the run, which is a ridiculous amount of timem I've ran it there and back and completed the quest in 3 mins. You dont have to rush, you can kill your way to the cave instead of running past them and aggroing everything.

When you've completed the quest he gives you a quick hip hip hooray and then gives you the next quest.

Quest 3: The Shieldsmith

Here you have to head back to Stormwind and talk to Furen Longbeard and give him the Cask that Yorus gave you. He's located in the Dwarven District by the main forge.

When you complete the quest you will get the Furen's Favor shield. He will then give you your next quest.

Quest 4: Fire Hardened Mail

Now comes the hard part, here you are going to need help from a guildie, a friend or a anyone who can solo Razorfen Kraul in The Barrens.

Furen gives you a list of ingredients to make the Fire Hardened Hauberk:

1) 50x Scorched Spider Fang
2) 12x Charred Horn
3) 1x Galvanized Horn
4) 1x Vial of Phlogiston

1) The Scorched Spider Fangs drop from the Cave Stalker/Leech Stalker spiders (lvl 16-22) outside and inside the cave near Dun Algaz in ther Wetlands (the tunnel leading from Loch Modan to the Wetlands). This is pretty much the only part of the quest you can solo.

2) The Charred Horns drop from Fledgling Chimaera (lvl 20 - 27) and Young Chimaera (lvl 19 - 25) in the Charred Vale in Stonetalon (North West of The Barrens) near the southern point of the Vale before going into Desolace. Quite a busy are with lots of mobs.

3) The Galvanized horn drops from The Chimaera Matriarch (lvl 26 - 28) who is in the same area, she flies around on a flight path near the Chimaera so you should come across her sooner or later.

4) The Vial of Phlogiston is located on Roogug (lvl 27 - 28 ELITE) who is one of the sub bosses in Razorfen Kraul (Instance to the south of the Barrens before the Great Lift leading to Thousand Needles). BE CAREFUL! There are TWO instances right across from each other, Razorfen Kraul and Razornfen Downs, facing the lift you want RFK which is on your right (the West instance on the zone map). When in the instance finding Roofug can be tricky, if my directions are right then as you enter the dungeon take your first left, follow the path around and follow it over a big long vine that take you to an uper level. You should come to a place with a big cauldron, he's just around the corner. Its hard to find groups for RFK as it is (Alliance side), so you prolly are gonna need someone who can solo the instance.

Note: Easiest way to The Barrens is to either get a boat from Menethil (Wetlands) to Theramore Isle (Dustwallow Marsh) then run west into The Barrens. Alternatively you can run south from Darkshirt into Stranglthorn Vale, head along the road to the very south (prolly only thing attacking you will be a few tigers and gorrillas near the paths, but nothing SHOULD kill you). Head to Booty Bay then catch the ship to Ratchett which is in the Barrens.

Once you have all the ingrediants then return to Furen and he will make you the Firehardened Hauberk (he will make it then you have to talk to him again to recieve it).

Now its been a while since I've done this next bit so I cant remember whether Furen tells you to go and talk to the next three people, or whether they just become activated after you complete the quest. It seems like you get given Furen's Notes for another quest giver which is determined by your chars race, either way this leads you to another three quests (which you can do in any order as long as you have completed the Fire Hardened Hauberk quest, but I have given them in order of conveniance to get to).

Edited, Fri Mar 17 22:01:46 2006