# Quest ID: 171
# Quest Title: A Warden of the Alliance
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=171
# Subject: "Orphan Hide"
I think an Orphan Hide Bag would've been a worthy reward. :P | Subject: "It's not about the exp."
For the roleplayers: it's about the children
For some of us: it's about REPUTATION!
-first 3 quests: 50 rep each for all [alliance/horde] factions.
-next 2 quests: 75 rep each for all [alliance/horde] factions.
-final turn in: 200 rep each for all [alliance/horde] factions. (assuming you dont chose the gold bag, which is supposed to decrease your rep)
-------------------------------
Total: 500 reputation with all of your team's factions.

Sure you can get the experience easier somewhere else, but where can you get the rep?  Also can be done prior to level 60 so for a low enough character even the experience can't be gotten easier. | Subject: "Re: A Warden of the Alliance [171]"
Ok, this quest isn't all that difficult, at least not if you already have the flightpoints. During Children's Week, pick up your orphan from the matron in the Cathedral District of Stormwind. Place the whistle in an action bar and pull him out only when completing another leg of the quest, otherwise keep him tucked away. Fly from SW to Sentinel Hill and ride out to the lighthouse on an island just off of the beach. (Past Moonbrook. Same place you encountered the ghost captain many levels ago. Beyond Sark and Old Murk-Eye.) Pull your orphan out AFTER it tells you the quest is complete. (He doesn't need to be out to complete these SW orphan quests... tho he will have to be out for at least one leg of the Shatt orphan quests which are not related.) Talk to your orphan to finish it off and tuck him away again. Ride back to the bird in Sentinel and fly to Lock Modan. I believe the town is called Telenaar. (I'd ck and make certain but the server is down right now. Forgive the mispellings of these place-names.) Ride out due north from Telenaar to the Dam on the northern end of the lake. Then ride to the middle of the dam and complete that leg of the quest. Return to the bird in Telenaar and fly to Menethil Harbor. Take the boat from there to Auberdine. Make certain to take the correct boat, there are two. At Auberdine, take another boat to Rut'theran Village and go through the portal there to Darnassus. Take the boy to the bank, which is near the portal, so he can see the tree. Talk to him and he'll give you the next two quests (you've already completed three now). Fly to Theramore or reverse your steps and take the boat from Menethil Harbor to Theramore. (I recommend flying there from Darn. Sure it takes 10-12 minutes, but less work. Go make yourself a nice cup of tea.) Enter the castle in Theramore and go all the way to the top to get the autorgraph of Lady Proudmore for the young lad. Fly to Gadgetztan. Ride out from Gadget to the racetrack north of Gadget and buy him an icecream cone. (You acutally have to buy 5. Only way they come.) The guy who sells the icecream is hard to find. Keep looking. He's behind a building, but definitely outside, not inside. Then you take the young fellow back to the matron in SW and choose your reward. Pig, Turtle, and Rat pets are your choices (and a sack of 5g for those who don't want a pet). They all have their own unique traits... except the gold, it just sits thre. Go with your instincts on the reward. | Subject: "Speedy FTW!"
http://i9.photobucket.com/albums/a89/veruka_247/speedy.jpg

Mr. Wiggles is cute, too:

http://i9.photobucket.com/albums/a89/veruka_247/mrwiggles.jpg | Subject: "greedy"
you people make me sick, the quest isnt meant to to have a reward...
remember who you are doing this for, remember the children | Subject: "lol, idiot"
lol Elyktron do you really think Blizzard is that stupid they didnt make the pets BoP?

Think again.

If you take the bag of gold you can never EVER get one of the pets anymore on that character.
They are unique pets and even have names.
You can always get 5 gold, but you can get this pet only once, so you're crazy to take the gold.

Maybe if it was 100g, you could take it in consideration.... But 5g is really a rip-off compared to a unique pet. | Subject: "Re: A Warden of the Alliance [171]"
Quest starts from Orphan Matron Nightingale (47,38) in Stormwind.