# Quest ID: 1799
# Quest Title: Fragments of the Orb of Orahil
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1799
# Do not be mislead by this quest, and read it carefully. It is stated that you need an Infernal Orb, but you don't get the orb from and Infernal you get it from the warlocks, Burning Blade Summoner's (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=4668). The drop rate is about 55%, I got it on my second kill because I am an unlucky person. Also, after you get this quest, she tells you to talk to her Acolytes behind her. They give you two options either "Shard of a Felhound" (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4962) or "Shard of an Infernal" (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4963).

If you go the route of the Felhound you get to choose from a Shadow damage staff, or a Shadow damage Orb. Otherwise, the route of the Infernal gives you a Fire damage Staff, or a Fire damage Orb.

But first, you need to cleanse the orb, and you don't want to turn anything in before hand because you will fail the quest forever (unless they fixed that finally). To do that you have to head to Dustwallow Marsh to find Tabetha (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=6546), ** Remember her location, she is used for future quests**. Tabetha will have you fight a level 40 Elite Felguard, which is possible at level 36 if you constantly fear it while putting Damage over Time spells on him, and have your Void Walker out. | Subject: "FFS.."
FFS, why do people not realise that +dmg is so vitally important for warlocks?  Warlocks do not need the mana and health pool that mages and priests need (dont get me wrong, its hugely important, but for those of us affliction specced we get an instant full mana regen, and for those that dont there is still good old life tap.  on top of that, our shadow bolt takes a while to churn through all your mana in the first place).

the staves from this quest are far better than illusionary rod for us, because it adds dmg to our dots and spells.  If you are worried about the loss of int, but a +int enchant.  If you have spell power increase buffs, things die faster.  that means levelling faster, and less spells cast (therefore the int is less important.... takes less casting to kill things so you dont need the int as much) so you save time all round.  Plus for those who dont like travelling, we have to go to these places eventually anyway, may as well make it now while they are exciting for your level.

If you can get a staff of jordan dont bother with this quest its not worth it.  for those without the money to buy an epic, do bother, because you will use this until you get soul harvester at lvl 50. | Subject: "Clearing Up The Confusion (my confusion at least :P)"
  First off... there's NO way to "break" this quest line (aside from accidentally destroying the ruby/emerald once it's infused). Period!
  I only read the quest from Menara ONCE when I first accepted it.  So, by the time I obtained the infused ruby thingy and the infernal orb, I had forgotten the part about Tabetha cleansing the orb and Menara's "warning" not to return until I completed BOTH tasks.  So, after obtaining the felhound soul shard and the infernal orb, I returned to Ratchet and gave Menara the ruby and the felhound soul shard BEFORE taking the infernal orb to Tabetha to be cleansed.  I did not read everything she had to say before I clicked 'complete'.  I only caught something like "...and not before then" before I realised I hadn't recieved a reward (orb or staff).  So I freaked out and came here to see what went wrong.  That's when I read all the posts about losing the quest(s), not being able to get them back and not being able to get the orb/staff reward.  I was PISSED!  Actually lost some sleep over it (yes, I know - pathetic).  Well, went to Tabetha and cleansed the orb today.  Returned to Menara, turned in the cleansed orb and got the staff - WOOT!  Moral of the story?  It doesn't matter if you turn in the felhound/infernal soul shard BEFORE or AFTER you have the infernal orb cleansed!  End of story. | Subject: "Tabetha's tloc location"
Tabetha is located at 46,57 in a rather rough area of the marsh, so be careful.... | Tabetha's hut is located at 46,57