# Quest ID: 180
# Quest Title: Wanted: Lieutenant Fangore
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=180
# Subject: "<Blank>"
Yeppers he is around about 79, 39 on the map if your using Cosmos. | at about 80,37 in a camp with other gnolls. | Subject: "x"
location 81, 41 | Subject: "Fangore"
The lieutenant can be found by leaving town to the north and bearing right when you can (you will start back downhill and pass an empty mill). Bear left along the cliffbase until you start seeing gnolls. Fangore spawns just past the middle of the clearing (you can see a little valley off to the left leading to a cave... just past there). It seemed easiest to just cut thru the middle along the path... only had more than 1 add once (watch out for a group of 3 wanderers). Try to make your way back to the left cliff face where there are some safe spots. As a level 25 I could pick off 3 or 4 of the outer gnolls but could never pull Fangore without fewer than 3 of his buddies. I died maybe once figuring my way around and another 3 times getting swamped. The last time Fangore went down before I did and since our corpses were in a safe spot I had no trouble looting the paw after I got my body back. In retrospect I should have planned on dying from the start and led off with my pet attack rather than trying to get single pulls with my bow and getting the agro on me right away. 2250 exp iirc.
b | Subject: "Dont try and pull Fangore"
Was doin this with me, a 25 druid, and a 24 warrior. Pulling fangore individually dosnt work. We tried to pull him when he was a good distance away from his 2 escorts (a good 15 yards) but they still rushed to defend him. Im not sure if fangore is aggro linked to his escorts, but his 2 escorts are definately linked to him.

So if u wanna solo him your best hope would be to take out his ecorts first.
Thanx for reading my comment.

Moonwind 25 Night Elf Druid on Crushridge | Subject: "Going solo"
If you are going to do this quest solo, you should first pick off the 3-4 mobs in the vicinity of Fangore (I approached in stealth mode and positioned myself by the hills behind him).  That will leave you with Fangore and 3 mobs that are close to him, one of which wanders. Pick off the one wanderer too.  You'll then have to kill Fangore along with the two remaining mobs.  When Fangore gets close to death he will run off and come back with another mob so make sure you kill him before he does this.  My level 28 druid died while doing this but not before I successfully killed and looted him. | Fangore is not especially hard with a pal or two. You don't _need_ a full party however it makes it much easier. The biggest concern you'll have is moving through that region and handling the many wandering mobs that will join in.