# Quest ID: 1920
# Quest Title: Investigate the Blue Recluse
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1920
# Subject: "How it works... Success..."
Ok here is what I find.. Putting in time to figure this out.  No its not a bug but requires patiences, talk to the Jennea Cannon for the quest - Investigate the Blue Recluse quest.

1. Get the Cantation of Manifestation &  Chest of Containment Coffers (10 charges) from the table behind her.

2. So soon you get out of the mage tower, jump down and you will see 'Blue Recluse' inn, go in then go to the basement.

3. Use your Cantation of Manifestation (Its a 5 minute timer between the spawn each time you use it.) - It does not matter how you hurt it, just beat it down until you see the spiral on its head.

4. Use the Chest of Containment Coffers once the riff is stunned (spirl on its head), then it will say - 'Rift Spawn is sucked into the coffers', then as soon its gone, click on the coffers and it will then be in your inventory.

5. Repeat/Rinse #3 5 minutes later until you get 3 necessary coffers, then you're done..

Good luck.. | Subject: "Very easy if done right."
As a previous poster said, start in the basement, all the way down.  You'll only get one.

Next, stand by the chef in the kitchen.  One should spawn right by the fire.

Finally, go to the top of the stairs in the common room.  Stand in the middle of the balcony and summon again.  You'll only get one.

If you use the scroll in the common room or inside the front door, you're screwed.  Be careful and it's easy to solo at 16. | Took me some time to figure this out:
Accept Quest  Investigate the Blue Recluse
Collect items  Chest of Containment Coffers &  Cantation of Manifestation right on the table next to the quest NPC
Get out of tower
Blue Recluse Tavern is on your right when you come out of the tower (southern mage quarter)
Go into Blue Recluse Tavern
Run around and spam  Arcane Explosion until you see a Rift Spawn
DPS it down.
Once it reaches 1 hp, it will get stunned automatically.
Use  Chest of Containment Coffers
Sing "GHOSTBUSERS! Theme"
Loot the  Filled Containment Coffer on the ground
Note: I recommend to start in the cellar and move up. There are multiple Rift Spawn next to each other next to the bar and 1st floor. They are level 17 and hit hard, they break free of nova quite fast. If you aggro multiple you might die. Bring a friend.
Last edited by dasbaum on 2019/09/05 | ok... if you stay on the main floor and use the cantation you're going to get Pwned. Deal with the first one alone.

Go to the basement and use the cantation which will only summon one. once you've done this, kill the sucker, use your chest of containment coffers and finally click on the filled containment coffer.

Go to the main floor and you should be able to handle the two remaining. | The Chest of Containment Coffers and Cantation of Manifestation are on the table behind Jennea. Make sure to pick them up before heading off the the Blue Recluse. | I went to the basement, and just 1 summoned, which was easy to kill and contain. Then I went to the main floor and summoned and 3 showed up, promptly kicking my butt. I rezzed and came back, went to the basement and summoned 1 again - no problem, got it. Then I went up on the top floor and tried summoning. Three showed up again! So, I ran and at least didn't die. Then I got the brilliant idea to log out and log back in. Went to the basement and just 1 summoned.

So, I think you can go to the basement, get 1, log out and back in, and go to the basement and get 1 again. Much easier to handle as a mage than having 3 on you at once. | Subject: "Broken Now"
This may have broken in the last patch. I get a message that the Rift Spawn is sucked into the coffer but no coffer to pick up after. There is briefly something there with a gear activation icon but right or left clicking on it doesn't do anything. | Trust me. Do yourself a favour and just go to the basement, summon one mob, then log out and log back in again. Repeat for each mob. Or bring a friend.