# Quest ID: 1938
# Quest Title: Ur's Treatise on Shadow Magic
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1938
# Subject: "<Blank>"
Just to say it again, you do not have to kill the boss.  Go to the top and there is a bookshelf opposite the room of him.  There is an obvious book sticking out.  That is the one you want.

Just a heads up, the end reward for all your hard work is utter crap.  See the next part of the quest on thottbot for my links. | Subject: "Easy"
It's easy...
Not in a group
Not as arcane mage
Not at lvl 32+
Just plain easy...

Don't know why anybody didn't try it...

I did it with a 27 mage and it goes like this:

1. Fight ur way up (not that hard).
2. At the top stay on the stairs, don't go all the way up, make sure u know where the book is (on a shelf, not anywhere near the boss)
3. U'll see a gnoll caster and two dogs next to it, polymorph the caster.
4. The dogs will come to you (you're still on the stairs), frost nova them when they're in melee range.
5. To be sure use mana shield and grab the book and leave, if you keep refreshing the shield you probably won't die, not even if all the other mobs respawned.

Note: When u frost nova the dogs, make sure they're out line of sight when grabbing the book, they'll use ranged when they can't move and they are out of melee range.

I died once because I didn't find out how to do it best and once because the caster un-polymorphed prematurely.

Really easy. | Subject: "easiest way for doing it solo!"
i found that this was the easiest way to do this quest solo...what you do, is you get to the tower, and you make it to the bottom floor, and let everything kill you, then you run back to your corpse, and you go all the way to the top of the tower, and rez there..in front of the bookcase, polymorph the gnoll, and then frost nova everything else, and grab the book that is sticking out, and then you will most likely die, so rez at the spirit healer, and then fly to SW to turn in the quest.. | Soloed as 28 lvl fire mage. Pretty easy. You just need to be carefull.
When you get to the top floor the book is on the left from the ramp (on the shelf). Keep to the left side of the ramp and you should not aggro Morganth.

Cords of tower: 79, 48 | Subject: "level 26 frost mage"
The tower is at 79,49.

Very easy. If you die anywhere in the tower on your way up, walk to the second to top floor of the tower before you resurrect. Make sure you res away from the dogs and the shadowhide. After you've regained mana and health kill the three of them and go onto the spiral stairs. The book is on the bookshelf closest to where the spiral stairs connect to the top floor. There are two dogs and one shadowhide. Polymorph the shadowhide and walk down the spiral staircase. Once the dogs reach you use frost nova to keep them there. Someone said it before, if you frost nova them on the stairs then you will be out of their line of sight, so they can't use ranged attacks. Then get the book.

Getting out without dying is tricky but it can be done without killing anyone. If you've got enough mana, cast mana shield and jump from the top floor to the bottom floor between the stair cases. Once on the bottom, run out the front door, frost nova to get the gaurds from the bottom floor AND the ones outside the tower. Run.

Remember, if you die anywhere in the tower, you can resurrect anywhere in the tower.