# Quest ID: 1944
# Quest Title: Waters of Xavian
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1944
# Subject: "Coordinates"
The coordinates are 75,41
It's at the very north peek of the river | Subject: "jerks"
im not a mage nor do i ever intend to be one. I just helped someone that didnt know where xavian was, so went to the southern waterfall because I didnt realize there was two. Since its right on Xavian border I thought it was it but since it didnt work, I assumed it was another and decided to check here for coords, when I alt+tabbed back in she had already found the right one. So, yes its easy to find, but some people leaving posts on here are jerks for calling people idiots. granted, I didnt have th quest to look at, but its easy to mistake 2 waterfalls when theyre both at xavian. STFU for thinking you're better than someone else because you found it 2 minutes faster. If you get your self esteem from something so trivial, please quit WoW and spend the money on therapy instead. | The coordinates are 75, 41.
It's at the very north peek of the river.

Just be sure when you are under the waterfall that you go in all the way, till you hit the wall. There it will let you collect. | Xavian 76.41

Follow the river north, a bit east, of Splintertree Post, just northwest of Satrynaar. Two rivers meet - follow them north till you hit the waterfall. Try not to go too far east into Satrynaar or you may get mobbed. Just take the river - only a few level 25 swamp beasts. Found a liferoot on the way for you herbalists.