# Quest ID: 1955
# Quest Title: The Exorcism
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1955
# Subject: "Doable as Mage 38"
I've just beaten this guy (solo) as a fire Mage 38. It's not easy... I only did it on the 3rd go, but it is possible.

Before the fight, I buffed with arcane intellect and mage armour. I also created a Mana Jade. I then activated the quest. While Tabitha was walking outside, I cast Mana Shield on myself. I stood well back from where he spawns and cast Pyroblast on him from maximum range, then alternated fireballs and fireblasts until he wore down my Mana Shield. When Mana Shield is gone, I used Frost Nova to hold him, then backed up and hit him with another fireball/flameblast combo. Once Frost Nova wears off him, you've got to kite him in circles around Tabitha's hut. Use blink to get a bit of a head start. Use the Mana Jade while kiting him, as your mana will be at about 1/3rd at this point. Whenever Fireblast is ready, turn around quickly and hit him with it. If you build up enough of a lead, he won't be able to hit you. When Frost Nova is ready, use it again and do another Fireball/Fireblast combo. Just keep repeating this and he should go down. I beat him with 50 health and 30 mana left, and about 25 seconds on the clock. | Subject: "clear the area"
There are various critters running around that can interfere with your fight..be sure to clear the area before starting. | Subject: "Don't Forget"
This is easy but DONT FORGET once you have killed the Demon rush back and hand the quest in or if your like me you get quest failed. ** DOH ***