# Quest ID: 1957
# Quest Title: Mana Surges
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1957
# !)(Secret)(Secret)(Secret)(Secret)(!

Always hear about Mage AoEing is the best thing since sliced bread? Never been able to REALLY do it? Now you can! Go to the Dustwallow Marsh to receive this quest, Mana Surges, but be aware you would have to complete the quest to go to Uldaman before you can gain access to Mana Surges. This is a really nifty trick that I have never heard anybody talk about. I just happened to find this out on my own and startd to use it on my mage. With this nifty trick you can gain up to 55,000 xp/hr at level 40-45 easily, and yes, solo. Here's what you do:

1.) Make hundreds of food/drinks.

2.) Accept Mana Surges quest.

3.) Walk outside near the two torches and buff up. (Mage Armor, Dampen Magic, Arcane Intellect, Mana Shield)

3.) DELETE THE QUEST! (This is the most important part.)

4.) The mobs spawn, 2 sets of 2's, 2 sets of 3's, 2 sets of 4's, all the way up to 2 sets of 5's. The mobs will spawn 1-5 seconds after they die. So AS SOON as the mobs die, run away and start resting up for the next set of AoEs.

5.) Your able to AoE these mobs and get as much XP as you possible can, for 10 minutes, then the mobs despawn. After this, go back to step number 2.

Repeat all of the above steps to get some of the best xp in the game. | When you complete this quest, you gain access to the rewards shown here: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1958 | Subject: "Strategy"
Once you accept the quest walk outside and put your back against the tree SW of the summoning field. This is outside the aggro radius of the Mana Surges and within fireball ranges.

They do not assist so just stand there, kill some, eat/drink, then stand rinse and repeat.

I tried this several times standing at the edge of the field and drew aggro from all 4 surges and died. | The Mana Surges spawn outside of the house relatively fast, but aggroing one does not aggro the others, so you can kill one at a time and rest up when necessary. The mobs are level 40 non-elites, so the quest is easily soloable. | Subject: "Rewards"
The two reward options are:
Celestial Orb
Binds when picked up
Held In Hand Miscellaneous
+3 Intellect
Classes: Mage 
Equip: Increases damage and healing done by magical spells and effects by up to 13. 
Use: Restores 400 to 1200 mana. 

Celestial Stave
Binds when picked up
Two-Hand Staff
85 - 129 Damage Speed 3.00
(35.7 damage per second)
+8 Intellect
Classes: Mage 
Equip: Increases damage and healing done by magical spells and effects by up to 22. | Subject: "Stand Away from Summoning Portal and Don't Tarry When Done"
Thanks to all who posted warnings to keep back from the summoning portal.  That strategy worked perfectly as you could attack one creature at a time with spells and ranged attacks. 

Unfortunately, no one mentioned that when you have killed the 12 creatures you need to visit Tabetha to complete the quest before the time runs out.  I had to learn the hard way that it does no good to hang around and continue to kill these guys after you have killed the required 12.  If you do that, and time runs out before you go back to Tabetha, even if you have killed 12 within the required time you will fail the quest.  So remember, after you kill the required 12, go visit Tabetha right away in the shack to complete the quest before time runs out.

And if you fail the quest, just "Abandon" it and go back to Tabetha and "Accept" it again (as many times as necessary until you get it done). | 10 minute timer on this quest. Pulling one or two at a time is quite easy. Decent rewards for completing this also. Using Dampen Magic on yourself can help mitigate some of the elemental damage they inflict!