# Quest ID: 1958
# Quest Title: Celestial Power
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1958
# Subject: "To get one of these items..."
...complete this quest: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1957/mana-surges | When I completed this quest, I had the Hypnotic Blade (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/item=7714). Given that, the Celestial Orb was the obvious choice, since the plus to spell damage was the same, but you get an additional +3 intellect and +3 spirit. | Subject: "Clearing up this quest chain"
I was confused by this chain and the one that leads to Mage's Wand, which is a separate quest chain. I'll post on that chain under that quest. Here goes, for the 'Celestial Power' chain:

1. It's not listed here, but there's a Horde quest like the Alliance-side 'Journey to the Marsh' that you get from the mage trainer in Ogrimmar, sending you to Tabetha, who is southeast of Brackenwall Village in Dustwallow Marsh, almost to the coastline.
2. Tabetha gives you 'Infernal Orb' that sends you to Desolace to get an orb off a Burning Blade summoner at Mannoroc Coven. Summoners are level 38-39 warlocks with imp pets - kill the imp first, fast. Beware of demon adds here. Take orb back to Tabetha.
3. Tabetha summons (just outside her shack) a level 40 elite demon from the orb that you have to kill for 'The Exorcism' quest. This thing hits hard for its level and is a pure melee mob.
4. Tabetha then wants you to kill the Obsidian Sentinel (42 elite) just inside the back entrance of Uldaman in Badlands ('Power in Uldaman' quest). He drops the power source you take back to Tabetha. This mob a. reflects spells, including the shaman Purge spell, back onto you, and b. splits itself, making more level 42 elites. The split-off mobs also reflect spells back to you - just melee this thing down. I saw as many as 2-3 at a time, counting the original - see the thread under his listing here at Alla's.
5. Tabetha then gives you 'Mana Surges' quest. Do NOT accept this quest til you are ready. Once you accept, she goes outside her shack and starts the event that pops a chain of level 40 (non-elite) water elementals. You have to kill 12 in 10 minutes: yes, there is a timer. These things are frostbolt casters and will not come to you to melee unless you stop them casting somehow, like a silence or a shaman earth shock. Frost protection potions would be good here. As other posters in these threads have said, the first 2 elementals will aggro on you but the rest will not. You can pull singles from the group of them that pop by Tabetha's shack - there are usually as many as 4 up at a time. Once 12 are dead, do not kill more - run to Tabetha and finish the quest. If you're in a group they can kill more while you run to Tabetha.
6. After the elementals are dead, Tabetha gives you the 'Celestial power' quest, where you choose the Orb or the staff. In my opinion, the Orb is the way to go - up to 1200 mana on a clickie off-hander = yes! Go get an Illusionary Rod in Scarlet monsatery library off Doan for your staff at this level. | Tabetha herself hints you to take the Orb. And it's foolish to do otherwise.

Orb still gets used in high-end raids and BGs as an extra mana source. Staff is vendor junk almost immediately. | I would definitely take Celestial Orb over Celestial Stave in this quest. Celestial Stave can be replaced where as Celestial Orb is useful even at lvl 60 in high level instances such as Naxxramas! One can switch this orb in, use it after 30 seconds, and switch back to their normal offhand. | Subject: "Offhand is better"
The Orb is definitely the superior choice for me, as a spellpower mage.
The int+6 is ok, but what really shines is the spellpower+13 and mana recharge ability. The mana recharge abiility makes it superior to Spirit of Aquamentas, another great offhand.
Both are replaced once you get your hands on a Rod of the Ogre Magi from Dire Maul tribute, though.