# Quest ID: 1960
# Quest Title: Investigate the Alchemist Shop
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1960
# How to solo:

Stay on the steps (top of the steps is fine) and right click on the scroll. One ghost will spawn closer to you than the others. Do your frost nova so you ONLY get one in the trap. Then run, the other 3 will follow you a very short way, then they will disappear.

As soon as they disappear, the 4th one (the one you trapped) will be after you. Kite it back to the store, and kill it there (easiest way is frost nova again inside the area, then blast it). Capture it in the containment coffer (by right clicking on the box in your stash), it will suck the spirit into the coffer, and you right click once more on the coffer on the floor.

Repeat twice more. Pretty easy once you get the hang of it.

Just make sure you only trap one. | Subject: "What you should really do...."
Ok...so dont listen to all the of the other messages saying that they wont attack until you attack them...because they do no matter how far away you are...

1. Stand near the bridge right infront of the Alchemy shop and activate the encantion.

2. run on the bridge and only attack one of the things with your wand, fireball, blast but no AOE attacks...this is will cause the one to stay around and the others will dissapear.

3. Once the others are gone continue to attack the one that is left until you see that he is stunned...at that point activate the box and capture him. once you see a small silver container on the ground open it and grab the item

4. Then just do this two more times and you will be fine

Do Not hope to kill all of them at once because it cannot be done UNLESS you have someone helping you...which you really dont

If y | This quest can be a pain to do solo, as it will usually spawn 4 mobs (level 16-17) that instantly aggro you, and that can kill you quickly unless you are in a group, use potions, or are a few levels over the intended quest level. They are also neutral, so you won't get any assistance from any of the NPC's. You don't have that many ways of keeping them at a distance, or a good way to handle them with crowd control, so if they all catch up with you, you will have a hard time casting spells and surviving. Luckily there is also a very easy, but likely unintended way to complete the quest, as long as you have an AOE spell available.
There are two ways to do this quest; the intended way, or the easy way.
Before you leave the quest giver:
Before you run off, remember to pick up the two items you need for the next part. These items are lootable objects located just next to the quest giver.
Chest of Containment Coffers (item)
Cantation of Manifestation (item)
Tips:
When you use the cantation, all the mobs will instantly aggro on you.
The cantation can be used from a good distance away, so like other users have suggested, it can be used on the edge of the bridge (coordinates: 56,67) to reveal their positions from a safe distance. They will still aggro, but running over the bridge will usually cause them to reset.
They usually don't wander around, allowing you to know where they are after you have revealed and reset them.
How to do the quest the easy way:
Read the tips, and then head over to the Apothecarium district.
Before you start, consider following the tip about revealing and resetting them, so you know roughly where the mobs are located.
Unless it is to complete the previous step, DON'T use the cantation!
The Rift Spawn's are spread around at the main floor, and are located around 53,73, just next to the NPS's Andron Gant, Algernon and Doctor Marsh.
Unless you know where they are, start at the bottom of the stairs (the short, wide one located between the two stationed Undercity Guardian's and the three NPC's from the last step), and slowly move around while casting Arcane Explosion or another AOE spell, until you manage to hit one of them. After taking damage, it may take a second for them to fade in before you can see or target it.
Until you damage it with your AOE spell, the mob is completely invisible, and cant be seen or targeted. To conserve mana, I recommend using rank 1 versions of the spell, as the point is just to damage one, causing it to aggro you and turns visible. This allows you to both target and damage it, using your normal spells and rotation. Causing damage to the mob will not cause the other's to become visible, or aggro you.
When you have aggro on one of the Rift Spawn's, kill it, and then use your Chest of Containment Coffers near the stunned, untargetable mob. This will place a Containment Coffer on the ground that appears to be "lootable", but in order to actually get any loot from it, you have to wait a few seconds for the animation to complete, and for the object to be replaced with the Filled Containment Coffer that you actually can loot.
Repeat this process untill you have all three containers.
Last edited by PrefeX on 2019/09/01 | When you get this quest be sure to grab a chest of containment coffers and a Cantation of Manifestation from right next to the quest giver.

Go to the apothecary district and look for the expert alchemist and alchemy supplier and use the scroll to see the elementals. It can spawn 2-4 of these elementals so try to kite one away but be sure to bring it back to where they spawn in order to contain the stunned elemental.

Fight an elemental until it stops attacking, right click the box to capture it, open the box to collect the coffer.

Died the first time since four spawned on me and I got dazed twice/ if you're doing it slo I suggest kiting the one away. | Very easy when done correctly.
Stand at about 56,68 at the top of the stairs, and use the scroll. 4 elementals will immediately come running towards you, fire blast one and move back across the bridge, by then the others would have gone. Then bring the elemental back to your original location, and use the container when he stops attacking.
Repeat to complete quest :) | Just finished without too much trouble. I followed the method posted back in 2007 by pwningally. I am only posting to add one little wrinkle. Yes, running across the bridge will cause all but the one you tagged to retreat *but* you need to finish that one off on the alchemy lab's half of the bridge. If you are more than halfway across the bridge, it will be stunned but you will not be able to cast the containment coffer chest on it. If you pull one too far, just frost nova it and run it back before you "kill" it. | Subject: "Ok.. done.. this is more of a "gimmick" than it is skill!"
After spending 10+ silver on just repairing my armor from dying so much here, I finally figured it out.

The key is EVASION of the critters, not over powering them. If you stand anywhere in close proximity, they murder you. It turns out you can "reveal" them from quite far away.

The key is using something (I used the stair ending forming a "T" coming from across the canals) as a "trap" to get only one on you. Stand on the steps and RC the scroll.. When they spawn and come after you in close proximity, run across the other side and into the room.. For me only one followed each time. You MAY have to experiment.

The exact way you do this will depend on where the critters are found.. they apparently can appear in several places in  the apothecarium depending on how the spawn is for your particular instance. Non-the-less, find a convolution you can use as the trap for you if its not in the main room.

Then using whichever spells and freezes you like, finish it off. They were always lvl 17 for me but it apparently can vary a bit. They don't exactly die, they just sort of sit there (watch the life bar). When it is finished and stationary and with the critter still targeted, right-click the crate-looking "ehest" and a "time lapse" bar moves left-to-right and a little hexagon box appears where the critter "melts" into the container. Then an  "open container" appears upper left with a red-tinted box in it. Click it to put it into your backpack. 

Do this until  you get three and return to the Magic Quarter. Even after you have all three, you can still make more appear as you wish with the "scroll"

Good luck. Hope you're not such a slow learner as I was.. :)