# Quest ID: 205
# Quest Title: Troll Witchery
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=205
# Subject: "Finding Mystics, WithcDoctors and the Tusks"
There are at least three troll hangouts. They form a sort of triangular region in the central part of SV, east of the road.

1. the Ziata'jai Ruins (42,35) are along the road, to the east (right) of the road, between the Arena to the south and Lake to the north.  Here, the road runs almost straight and almost due north-south.  There is a Temple icon for these ruins on the Map.  This place is mostly populated with lvl 39-40 Axe Thrower and HeadSplitters.  I found only a couple Mystics or WDs nearby.

2. the Ruins of Zul'Mamwe (46,41) lies to the SE of Ziata'jai.  There is a Temple icon on the map for this location too.  As I hunter, I used Humanoids tracking to 'scout' the area and found near zero Mystics or WDs, but saw large groupings of Warriors and others.   

3. The most promising spot I found is north and east of Ziata'Jai in the Balia'Mah Ruins (43,41).  The are about where the letter 'o' in ogre for the Mosh'Ogg Ogre Mound appears on the map.  I found good numbers of Mystics around here.

It's worth noting that there are patrols, usually 3 of mixed types, patrolling the paths between these three sites.  You are warned.

I definitely found that most Troll types were dropping Tusks (for the other quest).  But, the Fetishes are only found on the WDs and Mystics

Overall, I found the drop rate to be okay.  :-|

Good hunting! | Subject: "Only drops from Witchdoctors and Mystics !"
This is info to the ones who isn't reading their quests : The "skullsplitter fetish" ONLY drops from Witchdoctors and Mystics !

Don't waste time on the other, if you aren't on the Q called "skullsplitter tusks" it drops from every trolls in that area ..

Hep hey :P | Subject: "Finding the Skullsplitters,,,"
If you follow the road towards Booty Bay, youll find Balia'Mah ruins on your left where the Skullsplitters are. Use Thottbot's map to find the place. | Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
Completing this quest at level 40, I got 3150 XP and my reputation with Stormwind "increased". | There are alot of trolls around 45.42, you're looking for the caster mobs. You might want to couple it with https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=209. | Subject: "Yes, ur right, but"
U will find lot more mystics in Ruins of Zul`Mamwe, around /tloc 43,40