# Quest ID: 207
# Quest Title: Kurzen's Mystery
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=207
# Subject: "Complete Coordinates"
1st: 29,9 ; 19 (29,9 because its standing exactly on the border to 30)
2nd:  25 ; 23
3rd:  22 ; 13
4th:  24 ;  8 | First Legend - 29,19
Second Legend - 25, 23
Third Legend - 22, 13
Fourth Legend - 24, 8 | Subject: "For Non-Loc Users!"
This is a small straightfoward guide that doesn't use locs.

---
There are 4 tablets. These are interactable objects on the ground in the troll ruins. You get a gear when you pass over them even through walls so you will be able to tell when you're close.
- #1 is in Bal'lal Ruins which are just east of the basalisks on the coast and south of Zul'Kunda. The tablet is in the southwest corner of thse ruins. The easiest way here is just to clear your way to it as best you can.

- #2 is in the Vile Reef, filled with elite murlocks. Scary huh! Well, it's almost due west of Bal'lal. Swim out until you see a ruin. It'll be on the north edge of the northeast corner on the outside. Swim down from the outer edge and no murlocs will even notice you.

The 3rd & 4th Tablets are in the Ruins of Zul'Kunda in the northwest most corner of STV.

- #3 you can reach by going to the beach on the west side of the ruins and going up a path in the back. It is in the corner behind a wall from that angle. Going in through the front, it is in the SW most corner of Zul'Kunda. There are alot of closely-packed mobs near it so unless you're a powerhouse I'd bring friends.

- #4 is on the north side of Zul'Kunda. It is the hardest part to reach. I did it by clearing my way down the middle of the ruins, where it makes something like a road. You will reach a hairpin turn. Get up onto the divider and clear the mobs at the top of the second path where you're walking back towards the front of the ruins. After those are dead, you can walk along the top of the wall (northward) and get singles if you're careful. Walk to the end of this wall towards a pool and the 4th tablet is right at the corner of the wall and this pool.

I hope that helps people who don't like to use locs. | You can solo all of these if you're careful. I did it on my lvl 37 warrior.

The first two are easily done. With some thought you won't have any trouble at all.

The third one is the hardest to solo in my opinion. There are a lot of closely packed mobs around it (it's at the soutwest corner of the Zul'Kunda ruins, btw). Approaching from the south I was able to clear a path to the legend with some delicate pulls. Just take your time and don't be afraid to run off if you aggro too many mobs.

#4 can be gotten pretty easily if you know where to sneak. As you go into the Zul'kunda ruins from the east, go up the big hill to the right of the main entrance. Follow that hill north until it gets close enough to let you jump onto (not over) the outer wall. Hop on that wall and follow it all the way north. Then follow the wall west to the upper level of the waterfall. To your left you should see the legend. Pull the mobs closest to it carefull and you'll get it no problem. | Subject: "<Blank>"
These aren't drops, lest there be confusion.  There are big stone tablets leaning up against the walls in the ruins, that you can interact with.  You right-click on 'em, and it gives you a loot box, and voila! :) | Subject: "Solo at 33"
Soloed with a 33 Hunter. WooHoo! People who say this is tedious are wrong. It's a challenge and fun. The only really tricky tablets were the two in Zul'Kunda:

For all you Cosmos-haters (like me!):

One of tablets is at the southwest corner of Zul'Kunda. At this corner there is a fort, then just north of that is another fort. It is in this fort at its northwest corner where you find the tablet. You can take the mobs 1 or 2 at a time if you're patient and keep your eyes open.

The second one is tougher. You can approach the east entrance to Zul'Kunda, but don't go inside. Instead, climb up the hills and walk north along the wall until you reach the steep slopes. From here, you should be able to see a small water fall inside the ruin.

Get close to the wall and you will aggro 1-2 mobs  through the wall who will somehow chase you onto the hills. Kill them (of course). Then, you can run up the steep slope near the wall and if you time it right, jump onto the wall. From there you can walk west along a very narrow ledge over the water to the waterfall (as stated above - good post). The tablet is right next to the waterfall guarded by several mobs.

If you have a pet :), send them into the mobs and loot the tablet at your liesure.

Track Humanoids, Eagle Eye, and Feign Death were awesome for this mission. | Subject: "horrible horrible quest"
i had a horrific time with this quest no thanks in part to the terrible directions listed on the preveious posts for the third tablet.

-- Finding 1st and 2nd are straightforward enough.

-- For the 3rd, it took me forever to find because using the coordiantes 22,11 and 22,12 is useless because they are just WAYYYYYYYY too broad and covers too much area to help. The easiest way to find the tablet is to climb the ridges on the southwestern part of the ruins (22,14), which leads to a small plateau with 3 trolls, then walk up a dirt road. It will rise quickly and lead you into a square walled encampment similar to the 1st tablet. Inside is the 3rd tablet.

-- For the 4th, just follow the wall trick instructions above.

This quest is a nightmare. AVOID if you havent started it yet.

Hope this saves someone the hour or two i wasted on this POS quest.

Edited, Wed Nov 16 09:09:34 2005 | Subject: "There's a pre-req quest"
It should be noted that Bad Medicine given by Sergeant Yowha must be completed before you can talk to Brother Nimetz to get Kurzen's Mystery. | Subject: "Priest l39 solo"
Coords from somebody above. Make it better story. :)
1st: 29,19 -> in Bal'lal Ruins
From east side, you can see tablet in the NW corner of the building.
You pull only mobs which is in you way. The one mob which is a bit near stone, you can mind soothe him.
First loot.

2nd:  25,23 -> Vile Reef, inside water. Swim until you see blue glowish stone below. Swim a bit more north, look behind the wall, outside the temple. You see tablet against the north wall. Swim carefully near tablet, so elite mobs don't aggro. Easy second loot.

3rd:  22,13 -> First part in Ruins of Zul'Kunda. Starts from west side/coast. Walk with care up the hill, turn immediately to left to west wall. You kill first mobs. Now walk a bit further against the wall (the stone is behind the wall). You shall cause first aggro. Walk now a bit back so you can see both mobs. Kill them. Now clean the area a bit and you can loot third loot.

4th:  24,8 -> You need here more trick. Leave the Ruins, and starts now from east side of same Ruins place (you walk around). Go climb up the hills you see at right side, starting near the entrance. Go to the fartest place where you can jump on the wall. Now walk more to right/north until you stick against another wall. You see a small path in the wall. Walk carefully to west. Go to the waterfall part you see there. Walk over the waterfall-wall. You see the table at other side. You must pull two mobs before you can loot. 4th loot!

Now you have all stones. Your choice: fight, walk back to small wall path, or heartstone to near place (Stormwind of Booty Bay). I can fight through the many mobs, but it's not easy. Remember they can drop a bit mageweave cloth. | You must complete Bad Medicine and The Second Rebellion first. | 2020

All you really want to know is about the Second one, out in the reef, that looks like its guarded by the elite Murlocs.

There is a tablet on BOTH sides of its location by the ruin wall.
Go to the one on the 'outside', opposite side of the Murlocs.
Done!