# Quest ID: 2078
# Quest Title: Gyromast's Revenge
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2078
# You are left with Gyromast's Key after completing this quest. As far as I can tell, there's no reason to hang on to it. The Threshwackonator won't accept it again. | Solo'd with level 18 druid. Entangling roots lv1. 8 minute fight. Not the best choice I've made in my life.
Last edited by Meddle on 2019/10/01 | Wyou have the Threshwakonator following you, and you get close to the captain, the robot will spontaneously turn aggressive and attack you. He is level 20 Elite, and hits pretty hard, so be ready. If you need to escape or heal, run into the water, he won't follow very far. Of course, if you do that, he'll go into evade/fast heal mode, so you can't just attack him from a distance without being hit. | Subject: "Gyromast's Revenge"
It's seem to be a little bugged at the moment.
It's passive once at the spawn, then turn aggressive.
You can use the key when is passive. While it follows you it turns aggressive again. I finished the quest killing it. | Don't bother soloing this quest under lv20. Killed my druid in 3 seconds.

Just wait till I get my cat form you pile of metal trash. | Subject: "Hunter Solo Strategy @ level 20"
You can solo this as a hunter using the following strategy:

1. Approach the mob and get within firing range.

2. Place an immolation trap right in front of you.

3. Remember to have 'Aspect of the Hawk' on you.

4. Mark the mob with hunter's mark.

5. Order your pet in to attack, but JUST before your pet get's the mob attention, fire a concussive shot. This will pseudo-confuse the mob for a second, as it will start heading towards you, but then your pet will use growl to get its attention. With any luck (and if you have upgraded your skills), it might even stun it for a few seconds.

6. After your concussive shot, fire a serpent Sting and then just continue on auto-shot.

7. When your pet is about to die (because it will die), fire another Serpent Sting.

8. When the mob appraches you, hit him with a Raptor Strike. At this point, the mob will trigger the trap and get hurt for some serious damage. The key to the fight really is the proper use of the trap, it gives you the edge.

9. Simply finish him up with consecutive Raptor Strikes.

Hope this helps...

F