# Quest ID: 209
# Quest Title: Skullsplitter Tusks
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=209
# Subject: "<Blank>"
46,42 | Subject: "Ahem."
Worst.  Drop.  Rate.  Ever.

Not as frustrating as trying to collect things like ears and heads that rarely drop, which I'm pretty sure every mob one kills possesses

(Yeah, I know they all have tusks, but one can picture needing a certain "quality" of tusk to count as a quest item.)

(late edit below...)

All sarcasm aside...

I, too, found that the "Ruins of Zul'Mamwe" area was the best drop rate.  The drop rate is actually pretty darn good IF you concentrate on the WARRIORS, MYSTICS, and WITCH DOCTORS *inside* the gate and/or very near the "main" north-eastish gate.

The drop rate is *miserable* for HUNTERS, SCOUTS, and AXE THROWERS.

What sucks about the way the mobs spawn in this particular area is that, unlike other areas, if you kill, say, a WARRIOR at a given spawn point, at respawn, it may very well pop up as something else seemingly random (i.e. a HUNTER).  So, after a short time of picking out all the warriors, mystics, and witch doctors - leaving others alone - I found them to get rarer and rarer (sheer probability dictates this).  Your best situation is to be doing this quest while others are grinding in the area on the mobs with crap drops.  If you can find some moron killing hunters and such, you'll benefit.  (Or be a prick in a PUG doing this quest...try to make sure your mob when it's your turn in Group Loot is always one of the good ones...lol).

Concentrating on those particular mob types yielded a drop rate of 80%.

Obviously, lower level toons will not have the option of picking and choosing - especially with all of the patrols.  I was L47 when I did this (hey, still full XP/rep), so aggro was minimal.
Last edited by Uchur on 2021/09/16 (Patch 1.14.0) | Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
At level 40, completion of this quest yielded 3450 XP and an "increase" in reputation with Booty Bay.

EDIT: Spelling > me.

Edited, Fri Jan 28 21:50:11 2005 | I found these lvl 39 and 40's around the rouins of Ziata Jai Rouins coordinates 43, 35 | Just combine it with the Troll Witchery quest, where you need to get 4 troll fetishes. That way you get them both in a single grind. And the droprate on the fetishes is even lower then the horns!

However! Watch out for the patrols in the area, they usually are in groups of 3 or 4, and always attack at the worst moment! | Subject: "<Blank>"
43,33 decent drop rate | Subject: "Really nice quest"
I found them at the Ruins of Zul'Mamwe and loved the quest, lvl 42 was rested got 450~ from each of them and got an crazy amount of xp. The kind of low drop rate really didnt do anything at all