# Quest ID: 2098
# Quest Title: Gyromast's Retrieval
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2098
# Subject: "The Dwarf Story"
As a lvl 18 dwarf priest with alotta confidence in myself i decided to give it a try . . . i say to myself "how can a stupid lvl 20 Elite sucka scare the prowd dwarf that you are . . ." so i went there coleected the key parts in 5-6 kills and i activated the robot . . . so far so good . . . i walked him to the guy . . . and here the nightmare starts . . . IT WAS TERRIBLE I TELLS YA ! In just one hit he totally smashed my PW:Shield . . . i panicked feared him . . . new shield, mind blast then wand wand . . . and before i knew it i was at 150 health . . . i drank a health pot . . . and in one sec i was at 100 health . . . fear again mind blast wand wand . . . again 150 helth then it was time for my Desperate Prayer . . . PW:Shield mind blast fear wand wand mind blast . . . he was left at 18% and then . . . BOOM 300 dmg Critical . . . sigh thats how sad ends my story of a prowd (dead) dwarf . . . IT WAS EPIC BATTLE ! :D | Subject: "The Quest"
Starts & Ends @ Gelkak Gyromast 57,13
59,13-Top key    :  Giant Foreststrider (3rd kill)
55,12-Middle key : Greymist Tidehunter (7th kill)
57,12-Bottom key : Raging Reef Crawler (1st kill) | Subject: "Foreststrider Correction"
When doing this quest, there are no "ferocious foreststriders". You have to kill the nearby Giant Foreststriders to get the second part. | Subject: "Gyromast Keys"
1st key was on the closet crab
2nd key was on a foreststryder just east  on the grass
3rd key was on the names Murlock south near the dead turlte//2nd dead turtle from the npc around 47/18....

Gelkak Gyromast is at 56/13 north end of Auberdine

once you give him the key..go find the AUTOmated robot 1st mate...
clik on him...he turns and moves
run back to Gelkak...
then robot turns red..so watch out

kill him
'
then collect reward | Subject: "Key parts"
The top of the key comes from the Giant Foreststriders in the south of Darkshore, around The Master's Glaive area. THese are level 18-20.

The middle part comes from the Mulocs around the beach huts south of Auberdine. The huts are found about even with the grove, so it's a ways down the coast. This is the same place Murkdeep spawns, so it's worth getting the Kill Murkdeep quest when doing this as well. These arelevel 16-18.

The bottom part drops off the tide crawlers north of the river mouth, north of Auberdine. I got mine off an encrusted tide crawler, but I suspect the raging tide crawlers will also drop them. THe encrusted were level 19-20, raging a bit higher.

Edited, Tue Dec 7 12:35:51 2004 | Subject: "The Part Everyone cant find"
The bottom part of the key you get off the level 19 Crabs basically just beside the questgiver.

The Middle of the key which u get from the murlocks comes from another underwater ship at 55,11.

The top part of the key came from the first Giant Forestrider I killed directly east to the land from the questgiver.

Id say the part alot of people are having trouble with is the middle which is at 55,11 so good luck. Got it on the second Merlock kill .

Elruio