# Quest ID: 2118
# Quest Title: Plagued Lands
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2118
# Subject: "<Blank>"
I had the same problem with not be able to capture the bear even if it walked over the trap, until I noticed the quest log said I should capture a RABID thistle bear, and I was trying on a normal thistle bear... that should be what others are doing wrong too :] | Subject: "Easy money"
These bears can be found south of the ruins of Ameth'Aran as well as north of Bashal'Aran. Easiest way to do this is get the bear to agro you then drop trap on ground at your feet and back away. You might take a few hits but bear will step through light. Then just head back to town for your payment. | Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
At level 13 this gets you 975 XP and a increase in Darnassus reputation.

Edited, Sun Mar 6 12:31:56 2005 | You can find Rabid Thistle Bears at 39,58. | Subject: "<Blank>"
Found a few around 39,64 | Subject: "it's easy!!!"
You need to get a white "rapid thistle bear" or however it is spelled.. not a "thistle bear" which is brown... just walk south along the coast and when you come to the furbolgs camp there will be some rapid ones... just go close to them.. but in safe distance.. and place the trap.. when that is done a bear will come running to you... you dont even have to place the trap near the bear.. just close... and about where to find them.. if you dont know where the furbolgs camp is.. then just run along the coast south of auberdine and look in on land.. close to the beach you will find them!..
so.. good luck and happy hunting!

//Birchmann | The Rabid Thistle Bear will move faster than 100% run speed, however, a full length sprint (or other such speed ability) will cause the bear to disappear.

The quest reads, "Should you fail to capture a Rabid Thistle Bear and lose your trap, return to Tharnariun Treetender and request another trap.", but I found that, in the reading, "Should you fail to capture" means that losing the bear once you have captured it will not fail your quest and you may turn it in without the presence of the bear.

I hope this will prevent someone who had planned on using their Hearthstone from running all the way back to town.