# Quest ID: 212
# Quest Title: A Meal Served Cold
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=212
# When you accept the quest, you get a 30 minute timer. It takes about four minutes to fly the Stormwind to Booty Bay route, and the Cold-Eye Basilisks are along the road and on the west shore in the middle of Stranglethorn. | Subject: "Quick Fix"
I don't know if it was a recent patch, but it seems the concept of abandoning the quest and handing in the quest item is no longer valid.

I started the quest, ignoring the time, got the meat and returned to Stormwind. After I abandoned the quest, I found the quest item in my inventory missing. I thought I threw it away on accident, so I did the quest again only to find it missing for the second time. So, I'm assuming it has to be done the proper way now. /sad | Subject: "Timer"
Make sure you have your hearthstone up before you try this quest.  As a warrior without a mount it took me 15 minutes to go from the quest giver to Booty Bay (BB) and run from the griff trainer in BB to the spot where the mobs spawn. | Subject: "Faction"
200 Faction with Stormwind at lvl 40. | Subject: "<Blank>"
this mob is located at 34,40.
i was lvl 40 and this quest gave me 4700ep :) | Subject: "Where on the road?"
As much as I’ve traveled that road in STV I never noticed the cold eye basilisks before.  For clarification, they are just north of Gurubashi arena on the road.

Traveling from booty Bay, just after you exit the arena on the road, you will see a basilisks on the right (wrong kind) and perhaps a tiger on the left. The next critter up the road will be your cold eye basilisks.
Without using my recalls I flew from SW to Booty Bay (6.5 minutes), road my mount and returned the same way. Completed the quest in 20 minutes (+ or – a few). 4700 xp at level 40.
Fun little quest. | So in Classic, the quest item disappear if you abandon the quest. BUT, you can retake the quest if it's failed, without abandoning it, and that way the quest item will still be in the inventory, and you can hand it in.