# Quest ID: 2139
# Quest Title: Tharnariun's Hope
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2139
# Subject: "coor"
51,37 | At 52, 35, just south of the Naga cave, is a pathway leading up to the den. You'll find level 19 mama bear snoozing between her 4 lvl 9-10 cubs. | Subject: "Easy as Pie"
FINDING THE DEN
Easy enough. You can see on the Map where the Den is located, but walking up to the location doesn't put you directly infront of the Den, as expected. Jog a bit north and search for a path to the right. If you're climbing up the side of the mountain and you get stuck, then you've gone to far. It's an easily recognizable area.

COORDINATES
52,36 (~52.4,36.2)

DRUID TACTICS
Stand outside the Den and buff yourself using Thorns and Mark of the Wild.
Take out the cubs that arent directly near their mother first, and then use a Bandage if needed to prepare yourself for the DM.

The easiest way to do this as a Druid is to obtain the ability HIBERNATE.

Successfully put the Den Mother to sleep and let the little ones scamper towards you. Use Entagleing Roots on one cub and fight in the vicinity of any other cubs so that Thorns can continue to deplete their HP. Fight as a Bear or in Natural form. Both are easy. By the time the cubs are dead, the Den Mother will have awoken. Switch to Bear Form if you're low on Mana (making sure of course you have enough Mana to make the shift) and kick some Bear on Bear Booty!

If things gets rough, just run down the trail to heal yourself. The one thing I love about WoW is just about every mob has a short attention span.

You should have little trouble at all no matter what job you are. | Subject: "coords..."
at 52, 35 there's a path up into the hill, follow that a very short way to get to the den. | Subject: "Quest Details"
This quest is the cave to the right of Bashal Aran on your map. You must travel north past the cave and then take a path to your right to go up the mountain and into the cave. There are several (about 5-6) lvl 10 cubs and one lvl 19 sleeping den mother. I hope this helps you out. | Subject: "<Blank>"
The way to the cave starts on 52,36. The cave is on 52,38. | Subject: "Not so difficult"
Did this as a lvl 18 Hunter with lvl 17 cat pet.  There were 4 (lvl 10 and 11) cubs plus the Den Mother (lvl 19).  Two of the cubs wander around towards the front of the cave, two stay in back with DM.  CC shot one of the front cubs, turned and ran to get distance from the cave.  As the cubs exited the cave, I targetted one cub with my pet and slammed the other (concussed) cub with bow until dead.  Pet managed the other cub.  Went back to cave entrance, CC shot the DM and ran away from cave.  Sicced pet on DM and hit cubs with bow till Melee range.  Melee'd cubs while occasionally taking bow shots at DM.  Killed both cubs in melee, pet took care of DM with my intermittent bow shot help.

Hint:  kill the two "regular" bears that prowl the area below the cave near the Blackwood camp.  That way, if the Den Mother/Cubs start kicking your butt, you can leap off the "cliff" and land down below.  Den Mother/cubs will only follow part way down and then return to the cave.