# Quest ID: 215
# Quest Title: Jungle Secrets
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=215
# Every so often, Thorsen will go on patrol. If you follow him, he will be ambushed by two of Kurzen's lackeys (at around (40, 8) ) - if he survives, you will be able to start this quest off him then. | To save you from having to scroll through the comments to figure out why this quest isn't available to you, let me put this (still relevant) here:

"By Kagema (1,831 – 1·12·20) on 2006/11/02 (Patch 1.12.1)
Every so often, Thorsen will go on patrol. If you follow him, he will be ambushed by two of Kurzen's lackeys (at around (40, 8) ) - if he survives, you will be able to start this quest off him then." | Subject: "<Blank>"
I was on my way to Duskwood when i saw two yellow named Kurzen Agent walking away from Private Thorsen corpse. I went back to the north rebel camp and waited about 5 mins to pop Private Thorsen. About 10 mins later he said "It's time for patrol." and started to walk down on path. The two Kurzen Agent came again and they attacked Thorsen. This time i helped him, killed the two agent, saved his life. At this point i could get the "Jungle Secret" quest, however quest is grey to me (i am level 48) there was no problem with taking the quest, its working !

Happy hunting,

Utahmar | Subject: "<Blank>"
Yup! You really just have to wait it out.. Eventually he'll start moving.

Personally I waited for a good 35 mins or so! | Subject: "Locations"
The rebel camp is in Stranglethorn, just West of the entrance/exit to Duskwood. The road to the camp is not marked on your big map, but you can see a faint dirt trail leading West from the North part of the main North-South road in Stranglethorn.

I got this quest by saving Thorsen from two of Kurzen's men. The attack on Thorsen happened just East of the main North-South road where the road is closest to Kurzen's Compound. | Subject: "hurry"
once he gives you the quest, accept it fast, or he will head back to camp and you cant get it.