# Quest ID: 218
# Quest Title: The Stolen Journal
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=218
# Subject: "The Lost Journal"
This quest is very easy. I completed it with my level 4 mage. I accidently stumbled across an easier way to complete it. As soon as you enter the cave, if you take the path to the right instead of the left, you will eventually come to a cliff. The level 5 guy is right below you, you are standing right above him. Don't bother trying to attack him from the cliff, i tried and every single shot was evaded. But if you jump down, you only have to fight him and 1 other troll. Focus on the level 5 first, and once he dies the other troll is easy to finish. My mage only had 87 health to begin with, i think i had a little under 20 health when i was done. Was very easy, make sure you have full health/mana before and after you do it. And then after just work your way to the exit, killing the trolls 1 by 1. Take the right side out to exit also. Cheers. | Subject: "<Blank>"
31.80 | Subject: "So easy..."
Ok People, go South west untill u hit the frostmane cave, after ur in go left and follow it untill u get right to the back of the cave, and there it is, :)

yours, Jasedawg: Frostmourne , Msg me if ya need help | How to complete  The Stolen Journal:
accept quest /way 25,07, 75,78
enter the cave /way 26,73, 79,68
follow the path on the left
kill Grik'nir the Cold for drop  Grelin Whitebeard's Journal /way 30,46, 80,14
return quest /way 25,08, 75,73
Video guide: https://youtu.be/ff94ZUQFKMY | This guy is hanging around 31, 80 inside the whelp cave (map: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=808). I was a lvl 5 paladin and didn't even loose a quarter health fighting him. | Subject: "Actually..."
This was an enjoyable quest. I agree w/ above comments that the bad guys were spaced far enough apart that you could pick them off one at a time w/o a gang bang. Also, the coords are right on...31,80.  Right click on the lvl 5 bad dude & he drops the journal like a hot potatoe, once you get the correct quest! Over all, I leveled to 6 w/ my gnome warrior, without sweatin' it. Good luck to my fellow noobs & enjoy!