# Quest ID: 219
# Quest Title: Missing In Action
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=219
# Subject: "Is there a follow command?"
How do you get Corporal Keeshan to follow you? | The NPC himself is waiting at 28,12. Make your way to the big room at the back of the cave, then look for a little path on the lower level of its north wall. If you're soloing this, pray that Kazon (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=584), a rare spawn, isn't waiting at a camp outside to make a tough 4-pull an instadeath 5-pull. | Subject: "Same time as "Blackrock Bounty""
This can be done at the same time as the "Blackrock Bounty" quest. By the time we found Keeshan we had already filled the quota of Blackrock Champions. ^_^ Three of us did this and we all got credit, so I'm not sure how far away you have to stray from Keeshan to fail the quest like others here described ... or maybe Blizz fixed this. :P | Relatively easy to march him to the entrance of the cave if you sit back and let him tank, but it gets very nasty in the open air because there are spawns at the cave entrance and in front of both of the tents, all of which will probably be up when you get him out if you killed them on the way in. It's possible to pull the groups to him instead of waiting for him to blunder into them, cutting the fight to only 3 or 4 mobs at once. Bring friends. | Subject: "why is this quest not listed under the redridge mountain quest section?"
why is this quest not listed under the redridge mountain quest section? =/ | Subject: "Be careful!"
While escorting him back, do NOT get too far away from him, even to kill monsters and clear a path!

Moving a certain distance away from Keeshan will trigger an immediate quest failure even if he is still alive.

When he gets back to town, only party members who have stayed near him the whole time will get the quest reward :(

Edited, Thu Dec 23 13:48:03 2004