# Quest ID: 2206
# Quest Title: Snatch and Grab
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2206
# Subject: "simple way"
First discover SI:7

Located:
Elwynn Forest / Jerod's Landing / 47,87

What you gotta do:
Stealth to the cottage
Pickpocket dockmaster
Get the quest item to SI:7 | Subject: "<Blank>"
yea all you have to do is pickpocket the dock master. took me all of 2 hours to fiqure that out i kept killing him lol | An easy quest to do, just remember you are not killing the mob, but simply just stealthing behind him and pickpocketing him!

It is an easy mistake to think you need to kill him for the drop but that is not the case :) | Subject: "Quest: The Whole Thing"
This quest starts with: Master Mathias Shaw, who you can find in Stormwind, in SI:7.

The quest tells you to find the Defias Dock Master and get his shipping schedule.

You can find the Dock Master and "Jerod's Landing",or at coordinates 47.87. Or if you don't have a coordinates system, here are the directions: Simply go south of Goldshire and head east along the coast until you see the dock.

Next, once you've found it, simply STEALTH and walk in the house where the Defias Dock Master is (He is a goblin), and get behind him and use your "Pick-Pocket" spell. YOU DO NOT HAVE TO KILL HIM, just pick-pocket him and leave, and go back to Master Mathias Shaw in in SI:7. | Subject: "Empty loot when pickpocketing"
If you're sure you have this quest and you don't already have the quest item, and you still get an empty loot when you pickpocket the dockmaster, you have to kill him.  Someone else picked his pocket without killing him and hence his "pickpocket loot" is empty.  Killing him and letting him reset will refill his pockets when he respawns.  Just a tip to ease your frustration... | Coordinate 47, 87 | I've watched a few other rogues doing this quest and there's one thing these guides fail to mention.

JUST GO STEALTH AND PICKPOCKET. DO NOT SAP FIRST.

If you use Sap first, it will automatically drop stealth and enter you in combat and his bodyguards will spawn and likely kill you.