# Quest ID: 2282
# Quest Title: Alther's Mill
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2282
# Subject: "Lockpicking"
The following areas provide footlockers that can be used to upgrade Rogues' lockpicking abilities.

Hillsbrad Foothills - Durnholde Keep
Redridge Mountains - Lake Everstill
Ashenvale Forest - Zoram Strand
Stonetalon Mountains - Windshear Crag and Associated Mines
Wetlands - Murloc Camps
Desolace - Sar'theris Strand
Badlands - Angor Fortress
Swamp of Sorrows - Pool of Tears
Searing Gorge - The Slag Pit
Tanaris Desert - Lost Rigger Cove
Azshara - Bay of Storms
Eastern Plaguelands - Tyr's Hand (elite

Keep inmind that you will want to lockpick in the area that is current for your level if possible. if for example if you are 50th and your lockpicking is 100 you will need to go back to some lower level areas and then work your way up to the more difficult. hope this helps. | WARNING: Terrible quest design. You have to learn the Pick Lock skill from the Rogue trainer first, before you can do this quest. It doesn't say so anywhere in the quest description. So first, go to your Rogue trainer and learn the skill (with skill level 0), then travel to Lakeshire. | This location is very easy to find using the coordinates: 52,45.

If you stand at a particular spot. You have the ability to unlock 4 of the five Practice Lockbox's there. (Screenshot Provided).

Just in case. The words "Practice Lockbox" will ALWAYS be yellow. The word "Locked" changes colors the way Ebonstar says.

You should stay there with the practice boxes until you cannot level your picking skill anymore (when the word "Locked" becomes gray).

The boxes respawn very quickly, and sometimes they are booby-trapped. ( I had the Frost Hold Magic trap. )

I was able to gain 101 skill points from this location. I went there with a skill level of 4; and left there with a skill level of 105. Not Bad - Now I go back to the Zoram Strand!

There are numerous creatures outside. But you do not have to worry about them coming in to attack you (at least I did not have to). My stealth was good enough to walk past all creatures - INCLUDING horde. So it is possible to make it there without a fight. In case you are just trying to get your picking skill up.

Good luck,
~Lie | Need Lockpicking of 25 to open the chest. Coordinates at 52,41. Training Chests go yellow at 30 and green at 55. | Subject: "What you have to do!"
Now Alther's Mill is down the road east of Lakeshire. Follow the road east from Lakeshire till you come to a fork in the road, head down the right path (dirt path) Watch out for the lvl18-20beasts. The mill should be a building with a big saw in the middle.

At Lvl 16 the maximum lockpick skill you can get is 80, so practice on the locks till you get 80.Your maximum lockpick skill increases by 5 every time you gain a level

The reward he gives you is useless and can be destroyed or put in the bank. It has no furthur use so its trash. | Subject: "<Blank>"
The certificate is to hang on the wall and show everyone that you are a certified klepto.....won't your mother be so proud!...but seriously, it is just a certificate, you don't use it for anything.  The purpose of the quest is to get you trained up in lock picking so you are able to use the skill for the other quests to come that involve picking locks.  The very next rogue quest involves picking a lock in the tower in SE Westfall. | Subject: "coords"
51,44 | Subject: "Beginning of Lockpicking"
You need ZERO lockpicking to do this quest - it is intended to help you start your lockpicking!

When you pick up the quest, he gives you a set of thieve's tools.

Take them to 51,45 and practice on the practice lockboxes there for a few minutes until you max your skill on them (they respawn instantly, so it's a VERY efficient way to skill up). Anyone who practiced lockpicking before doing this quest just wasted their time/energy.

Once you get your lockpicking high enough, simply open the chest (same location) and complete the quest. You can finish it with as little as 25 skill, but spend 10 mins here and you can get your lockpicking up to about 75-100, and it will be time well spent.

Edited, Nov 29th 2006 3:31pm by Jordster | Subject: "Easy way to improve Lockpicking"
Go to Lakeshire

*Ironforge < Stormwind < Lakeshire, Or if you havent been there yet, Follow the road East of Goldshire until you come across it*

Head north up a path for about 10 seconds, then turn Right on a dirt path, Walk a little and you should see what looks like a lumber mill, there are about 6 pracitce lockboxes there. They keep respawning too, They should get you to at least 100 lockpicking in 5 - 10 minuites | Subject: "Easy way to lvl lockpicking"
The lockboxes here let you go up to skill 90 lockpicking easy, after 90, I picked locks about 10-20 times without getting skill, they were still green though, but still nothing. This is by far the best way to get some decent lockpicking skill.