# Quest ID: 231
# Quest Title: A Daughter's Love
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=231
# In my opinion, this is more of a paladin quest then the paladin quest for that hammer (though an RPers eyes anyway.)

it doesn't feel right that as a paladin, you have to go out and get the supplies to give to someone so you can get a cool hammer. When you could do this quest and get a cool sword while doing a good deed (though to start off the paladin quest, you save someone's life and farm. But still)

The weapons you get from both arn't too far off damage wise, and this has a cool proc (which as a SoC paladin, I like more than stats). The Hammer has 4 more max damage (same min) and is .1 faster than archeus, and it has 6 stam and some intelect (7?).

I don't know the level on the hammer, but I know the level on archeus is 35, meening you can enchant it with the new enchants that can be gotten from BC.

Meh, I guess it's just an opinion thing, but I think this quest is better as a paladin quest then the lvl 22 paladin quest, and the weapon is a better paladin weapon than the paladin weapon (and it's good in the hands of a warrior too XD) | Subject: "Finding The Grave"
Easy finding it if you have good directions.
Go to Raven Hill Go north to Raven Hill cemetry head to the most northern house on the map or 1 you find it is the highest house as well you'll know when you have found it cus the screen goes blue and there are two torches just outside entrance to house. Once found, face north and align your self with the front of the house(the side with the entrance on) and walk north you cant miss it | Alliance Side Only
Minimum Required Level: 28

Upon returning to the Grave where the whole chain started you will be rewarded. (Grave co-ords {17,29})

I would say that this was a excelent end to a great quest chain. | Subject: "It's easy"
The final step is very easy. You must to go at 17,30 of Duskwood and click on the grave.
You don't kill anybody. He gives you Archeus and you'll go far happy :D | Subject: "grave location"
The grave is just a small cross like tombstone sticking out of the ground. If you look at your map - start at the northwestern most building, the house icon, in raven hill and proceed due north - it will be a tad off to your right. If you see the shore you have gone too far. | Subject: "Co Ords"
Grave is at 18,29