# Quest ID: 248
# Quest Title: Looking Further
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=248
# Don't do the same mistake as I did and don't go to the top of the Tower of Ilgalar... The right tower is Stonewatch Tower at 63,50, which you should already know since you read the quest, didn't you?

There are elite orcs inside which I think can be pulled alone, so the quest is soloable. As a rogue or druid it's quite easy, but you need to kill the two orcs at the top of the tower to get close enough to the quest object. | With my level 23 Mage I could not get a group to gether so

I froze the Elites at the entry. Ran up the Stairs, Died. When I came back I rezed at the top -- froze the Elites -- finished the quest, Died. Then, I accepted rez sickness paid 15s 20c for repairs.

Not elegant, but it worked.

Also, You may not have time to read the whole message --- return to the Lion for another mission | Subject: "the ledge"
It is entirely possible to solo this without aggroing anything. Die at the bottom (no need if stealth, obviously) then go up tower and get on the thin ledge right beside the shadowcaster and the barrel. Make sure you are not in his line of sight. Wait for the sentry to walk away to the other side of the stairs. Resurrect, click on barrel. If done correctly, you won't aggro caster (line of sight) or the fighter. Then (in my case) sheep fighter and run across to jump off at other side for a clean getaway. Soloed as lv25 mage. | Subject: "Follow-up"
Just FYI: there is in fact a follow-up, though you don't get it immediately after putting the pendant in the jar (as with most follow-ups). You gotta go back to Theocritus at the Tower of Azora, and you'll get this quest:
https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=249/morganth | This is a "punishment for not reading" quest for sure!