# Quest ID: 2518
# Quest Title: Tears of the Moon
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2518
# Subject: "Lady's Location - Other Info, Please Read -"
First, Lady's location can be on EITHER side of the northern edge of Wellspring River.  Don't just go to one side and expect her to be there - I've done this quest twice with two different characters, a lvl 11 Priest and a lvl 11 Druid.  While playing the Druid, she was on the west side.  On my Priest, she was on the east side.  The east side is defintiely a little easier as there are less Feral Nightsabers (lvl 11).  There are, however, several other spiders around her lvls 10-11.  Be aware of that.  Check both sides before you give up (of the river)

Second, Lady S. is a lvl 12 GREY spider - this might help you recognize her out of all the other spiders.

Third, Lady S. was relatively easy to kill with both characters.  Wait until she's by herself, if you're lvl 10-11, because a second or third spider could finish you off.  Anybody lvl 12 or higher should be able to take her and one of her lvl 10-11 buddies no problem. 

Hopefully this helps you.  Also, be aware that there are Timberling Elementals in the river, so when you're crossing to either side, be aware of their presence.  Good luck friends!

Gravity
Gnomercy | Lady Sathrah is a level 12 large grey spider that can be found at multiple coordinates. A few to try are 39, 25 and 48, 25. Search the general area east or west of the river at the top of the map of Teldrassil and you should find her.

If you are level 10 or 11, you can kill her by waiting until she is off by herself because she spawns minions. If you are level 12 or higher, killing her and the minions should be no problem. | Subject: "Change of Address"
Due to the demands of raising my thousands of offspring, I have moved to new, roomier accomodations. Please update your address books to my new location - 42,25 West Side, Wellspring Lake. You'll know you've gone too far if you fall a thousand feet into the ocean.

Love and kisses,
Lady Sathrah | Subject: "lady satra is a spider...."
Yes you have to know that lady satra is a GREY SPIDER...do Not look for a human like thing.
I found her west of the river, at the very top of map, i could not go any further up, and she was close to the river but if you walk on water you have to go around to the tops of the hills but she is not with the things that have the blue flush balls around them by the river, she is on higher ground whit spiders and those pumma like animals, yet from the place where she is you can see the river viewing it to the down side of hils but you can't walk from the river directly to the spot you have to walk fairly close to river yet not realy along the river and cut into the land before the river ends and when you see the swamp things with blowing balls around them. I hope that helps a bit... good luck | Subject: "info about Lady Sathrah"
these are all the coordinates everyone has posted:
41,25 / 48,25 / 39,25 / 46,27
i found her at 48,25 the most common.
DONT LOOK FOR A HUMANOID, she is a large gray spider!

however the info says the quest ends at darkshore with Priestess A'moora, this is not true, the decription is correct she is in the temple of the moon in darnassas. so dont wast your time going to darkshore to complete this quest.