# Quest ID: 2541
# Quest Title: The Sleeping Druid
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2541
# Easy enough quest (was able to solo as a level 9 druid), but the drop rate is awful so expect to be down here for a while - you should kill enough to level, at least. Careful, however, some pulls will net you two or three mobs. | Subject: "Some details from my travels"
I solo'd this quest as a level 9 druid (leveled up to 11 doing it) without dying even once. I did have to fight two furbolgs at once several times. The shamans will heal self once and may heal another once as well. The respawn rate is very fast.

I went to the first two bridges (across which are the first two items for The Relics of Wakening quest,  The Relics of Wakening ).

Then I continued down, a bit left then curving around to the right and under the bridges.. past that furlbog hiding around the corner.

I came down to an opening with a bridge going up which leads to the room with the Druid that gives this quest. I had to fight two Augors to talk to him (and every other time I visited him... they spawn fast.)

Facing the bridge up to the druid's room, I went left and then down the tunnel to the left. Eventually it opened out to a circular multilevel room with the druid's evil body walking around it.

I killed many Shaman without getting the voodoo charm that the druid wants, and ended up finding his body before I even finished the first part of his quest. I went all the way through the place killing everything and none of the shamans dropped the item..

I started going around again until I was so aggravated that I paged a GM complaining.. you know.. should I just abandon the quest, abandon it and start over, is it broken or what? I killed a few more shaman without any drop and then gave up and logged off.

When I came back online several hours later, I had an email from Blizzard saying that I should move all of my quest items to my main back pack (from my other quests) and abandon the quest and log off and back on, then get the quest again.

I did what the email suggested, then fought my way back to the druid, got the quest again, and the item dropped from the first shaman I fought after that.

Edited, Sun Apr 2 08:31:15 2006 | Subject: "Something else to consider..."
I have confirmed that the charm is group loot so the easiest way to do this quest is get a 5 man group together and kill as many shamans in the den as fast as you possibly can, then when it drops, all 5 people will be able to loot the same corpse.  I had to kill about 10-15 shamans with the group before it dropped. | I've leveled twice down here. Had to go back to town to sell and get more water, twice. And I still have not gotten the drop. This is ridiculous in the extreme. Literally, over 90 minutes in the Barrow and no charm.... grrrrr. | Subject: "Head outside"
Shaman just outside of the hold drop the charm.

Trust me. :)