# Quest ID: 264
# Quest Title: Until Death Do Us Part
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=264
# Subject: "quest"
not worth doing ?
one of the saddest quests: worthless pendant on forgotten grave- quite emotional. It has no followups, as the whole thing is going nowhere. Makes think about life. Liked it better than quests with good rewards | Subject: "Where the Tombstones Aren't"
Ahem... Yuriv's Tombstone IS NOT in the forest area of Silverpine.  It is in the graveyard of the town in Silverpine Forest called The Sepulture.  Do not be grossly misled by this thread like I was, and go the town straight down the road from the Undercity.  Avoid the cursed forest areas all together.
Yes, the map is technically still correct, but the over sized gold box they have as the marker is misleading. 

Undercity. Road. South. Sepulture.
You are good to go. | Subject: "Beautiful"
One of the most touching quests in the game. Almost made me shed a tear for the poor guy. | Subject: "exp and rewards aren't the point here..."
The main purpose of this quest is simply to point orcs, tauren and trolls in the direction of silverpine forest, which is a quest hub in it's own right and also conveniently on the way to shadowfang keep, tarren mill, and so on.

I think it's an interesting little quest, I often wondered if Yuriv was a character from wc3 or something. | When you get to the Sepulcher (in Silverpine), it will be one of the graves in the middle. If you are standing at the inn and looking out, it would be about 45 degrees to your right. Your mouse will change and you should get a tooltip of "Yuriv's Tombstone". | Subject: "How To Do It"
Walk over to the tomb that has a carving of a man lying on his back with candles all around him. Click on the tomb to open it as if it was a box, DO NOT TRY TO USE THE PENDANT TO DO ANYTHING, IT WILL ACHIEVE NOTHING!
Once you've opened the tomb the rest is just basic. | exact cords 44,42 | Subject: "i agree with wowholic"
For soem weird reason this has been one of my favorite quests yet. Really slow down and read the text at the end. Very cool.

Best way to get here is take a bat from UC then head to the main Sepulcher building. Grave is on your left.