# Quest ID: 2681
# Quest Title: The Stones That Bind Us
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2681
# Posting for those of you who don't have UIs.

The servants of Razelikh are found around the dark portal. Watch out for the Felguard patrol around the portal.

Servants of Allistarj are all found along the eastern wall of the zone, stopping just before Nethergrade Keep.

Servants of Servine are found along the wall north of the entrance to the tainted scar (which is the western wall)

Servants of Grol are the most difficult to find, in my opinion. You can find one in a cave guarded by ogres in the mountain off the path to the tainted scar. Just follow the path until you begin travelling west, then go north and look for a lone mountain, Once you find ogres, you've found the one servant. The other place to find them are Grol's fort, located in the northwest corner of the zone. You'll know you found it because you'll see a tower and a base with horde banners. The servants are in there. To get there, go west along the northern wall from the entrance of the zone.

A note that the servants will NOT die until you smash the crystal, and the stun effect on them wears off after around 30 seconds. If you're having trouble smashing the crystal, remember that you have to stun it (Drop around 85% of it's health) next to the crystal in order to smash it.

For those who want coords, 49.7, 43.8 is where the lone Servant Of Grol is.The dark portal is around 58.8, 51.6. Frydebo provided coords to the other servents, as well as the Grol fort.

Happy hunting! | allistarj (64,41)(65,35)
servine (38,33) (41,40)
grol (41,13) | Subject: "To those having problems attacking the binding stones..."
I noticed a lot of you are reporting this as "bugged"... I have went through the same problem and I have a solution for you.

When you kill the Servant, do it CLOSE to the Stone of Binding. Not love making close. Just a few yards should be fine, and make sure the Servant isn't going to block your cursor from targetting the stone.

I have tried killing servants several times using this method after many attempts that the stones failed to be targettable, and it works every time.

Hope this helps. | Subject: "Svine"
The Sevine guys are near the alter of Storm, there are 3 spawn spots for them from what I've seen. The one nearest the fire camp is the hardest to get to, because he is linked to a caster. They are level 57 or so.

The Razelikh guys are near the dark portal. They are all along the upper edge of the cliff. Felguards and hounds wander the area. They are around level 55 or so.

The Grols are in dreadmaul hold outside of the keep but within the gates. They are around 53 or so.

Haven't figured where the last guys are yet, so good luck finding them. Quest reward is a nice one along with the exp bonus. | Subject: "Locations"
The Servants of Razelikh are on the crest of the crater around the Dark Portal and are by far the fastest to get completed. Just watch out for the numerous and quickly respawning patrols.

Servant of Grol is in the cave where the Ogres are. The stone is all the way in the far back in the cave. The ogres respawn moderately quickly.

Servant of Sevine are west of the Ogre cave where you find the Servant of Grol. They're in a camp of other humanoids and there's an occasional silver elite that comes through the area too, so be careful.

Servant of Allistarj is in the Serpent's Coil area, on the far east side of the valley/ravine, near a cave. There are a lot of other humanoids in the area. | To finish this quest, you must first locate the Stone of Binding, which will be nearby any servant, but will not be interactable right away, which means that there will be neither mouseover prompt nor highlighting. Given this and overall color resemblance of these objects and Blasted Lands' landscape, this could be proven difficult, but it is crucial to this quest.
After the stone located, you must attack a servant while keeping them around the stone, but you won't be able to kill it yourself: their health will stop draining after around 10% and they will be stunned for about 30 seconds. At this moment Stone of Binding will become interactable, and you'll need to smash it via pressing RMB as hard as possible, this will help you as it helped me.
If you fail to do this in time after engaging and stunning a servant, you'll make yourself an invincible enemy since the stun is off but the inv is still on. Also, cleaning but not looting other mobs that are usually party loitering around can help a lot, too. | Confirmed that skilling up weapon skills on Servants of Grol is working and is not patching in classic as of this date.

Two Servants of Grol can be found North and North West of Dreadmaul Hold. | STEP BY STEP GUIDE TO SUCCESSFULLY FREEING A SERVANT.

1) Find a Servant.
2) Find a small black floating crystal nearby (aprox. 20-40 yards from the Servant).
3) Kill all trash mobs close to the crystal (you don't want them to attack you later as they would interrupt your step 7).
4) Engage the Servant.
5) Pull Servant close (aprox. 2 yards) to the crystal.
6) Damage the Servant until he "bubbles" himself (around 1% HP).
7) Right-click the crystal a wait until you finish destroying it.
8) Profit.
Last edited by howa003 on 2021/08/24 | Subject: "Dont need friends"
Very Soloable, fun quest

-57 Gnome Mage | Subject: "breaking the stone"
you can only break the stone if they are in the green vulnerable form, and if they are near their stone | Subject: "No BUG: explained"
These is no bug here,
you have to pull the monster next to the stone,
works 100% then :)

enjoy ;)

(try to avoid them dieing right on top of it,
as its then hard to select the stone ;) ) | Subject: "Mini-guide to Stones that Bind Us"
There is a lot of confusion about what the stones look like, how to find them, how to free the servants. I just solo'd the whole thing as a level 57 retribution pally, hence no stealth. If I can do it, anybody can, trust me. Here's how:

Stones: I just uploaded a screenshot of a stone behind a Servant of Allistarj, but if it isn't viewable the stone looks like a amall bronze obelisk, and it floats. They all look the same, regardless of which servant.

Servants: They're all invincible unless you have this quest. To free them, you must first whack them until they go into a kind of stasis mode. They appear to be stunned and fade out, though once I noticed a servant didn't fade out. They become stunned for a short time when you knock their health down to near nada. While they're stunned, go after the stone.

Destroying the stones: While the servant is stunned, roll over the stone until you see the gold wheel, then right-click on it. If you don't see the wheel re-position yourself and continue to roll-over, with a clear view of the stone. Eventually you'll see the wheel. Hopefully the servent won't have revived by then. Once you activate the wheel, the stone will countdown to self-destruct and the servent will be freed. You'll whack him once more then loot him. The loot sucks but the xp is ok.

The good thing is, you can camp a stone site and get your quota without even hitting the other servant locations. This is huge. Servants rez within a few minutes, as noted below. Stones re-appear first, then the Servant.

Servant of Sevine: See mob link above. As you approach the bottom of the hill where the first servant is, across from the Dreadmaul Ogre Servant of Gol, there is a Servant of Sevine surrounded by mobs. Ignore him. Sneak up the road that crosses in front of him. Best if approached from the north. You only have to knock out 2 or 3 mobs to get to the next Servant, who's on the south side of the road with his stone. Watch for foot patrols, but they're infrequent. This Servant made my quota of 3. The Servant at the bottom of the hill and the one at the top of the road, inside a weird compound, are too well guarded. The one I described is virtually alone.

Servant of Grol: This was the hardest Servant because he's so densely guarded. BUT, slip into his cave from the south side, across from the first Servant of Sevine. You have to knock off about 3 or 4 ogres to get to the mouth of the cave, then sidle along the side of the opening into the cave. Deal with one guard at the door and the Servant. Kill the guard first but be careful not to aggro any more around the mouth of the cave. Draw the Servant inside and stay there. Free him three times. He's the only Servant of Grol, it takes about 4 minutes for him and his stone to rez, the stone first. No ogres enter the cave, so you have plenty of time to prepare for each of his rezzes. The only Servant of Grol I found was in a cave across the road from the Servant of Razelikh location I describe below. Also facing the Servant of Sevine. You will NOT find a Servant of Grol in the ogre compound due west of the keep. What you will find there is Grol himself, a 58 demon elite.

Servant of Razelikh: This was actually the easiest, though they and their guards are the highest levels. The trick is, go to the south-most edge of the Dark Portal crater, avoiding demon patrol pairs. Once against the mountain you can't go farther south, but you can climb up above the Servants. There are two of them between the crater and the road into the next (highly nasty) region. Alternate between them, staying on the mountainside above them, until you get quota of 3. Hit the demon patrols for xp if you want, but the loot isn't great.

Servant of Allistarj: Just clear the mobs around the Servant, you don't have to kill them all. Engage the Servant as described above, x9. I used the Servant location just below the keep, slightly to the southeast. The elite you need to kill for a follow-up quest is also inside the cave at this location, but to get the Servant you don't need to go into the cave. In fact, DON'T, is my advice.

Good luck!

Edited, May 13th 2007 9:03pm by Bretwalda

Edited, May 13th 2007 9:05pm by Bretwalda

Edited, May 13th 2007 9:12pm by Bretwalda | Subject: "Stones that Bind Us"
For anyone still confused after all above:
For alliance characters you pick up this quest from a guy at Nethergarde Keep who tells you to go talk to the Fallen Hero of the Horde. Apparently Horde characters can start directly at the Fallen Hero.  The Fallen Hero of the Horde is in Swamp of Sorrows, just before the entrance into Blasted Lands.  If you don't know where that is, how the hell did you get to the quest anyhow?
The EASIEST WAY to do this quest is just find the FIRST STONE/FIRST SERVANT on your route to the location, camp that and keep killing it as it respawns.  They are on a standard respawn timer, about 5 minutes. If you are bored you can practice skills on other enemies in the area, or log out and back in again.  The servants do not pull other npcs to them if you attack, but if other npcs are withing aggro range of you, or spawn within aggro range, they attack you of course.  Also, these servants spawn WITHIN RANGE of the stone they are tied to!  You SHOULD NOT have to worry about "pulling them to the stone" if you just fight them where they spawn! Just kill other npcs first, that are between them and their stone!  The stones DONT GLOW, but they are obvious stones sticking up from the landscape near the servants.  Once you kill a servant you have a set time to destroy the stone, about a minute I'd say.  If you don't destroy the stone by then, the servant comes back to life and attacks you again and now you must run away...unless you just wanna practice weapon skills on it, because you will never kill it now until you leave.  It will interrupt your destroying the stone, and it wont die until the stone is destroyed...so you have to back away and start again.  Once you destroy a stone, the servant automatically dies, you dont need to attack it again.  Servants and stones are at the approaches to: Altar of Storms, Dreadmaul Hold, Serpent's Coil, and Dark Portal. You don't have to ENTER any of those locations, just approach them and you should find a stone with servants connected...

Maximius