# Quest ID: 2721
# Quest Title: Kirith
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2721
# Subject: "to skip the respawn...DONT LOOT!"
A good strat to do this and avoid the respawn rate is to avoid looting, I know its hard, but then the corpses will lay on the ground for about 12 mins before despawning which should give you PLENTY of time to finish Kirith and be out of there before the respans pop! | The cave is on the eastern side of the Blasted Lands. After killing the 55 elite demon Kirith (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=7728), his spirit will appear (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=7729). Talk to the spirit to complete the quest. | Subject: "58rogue and 60 warrior"
Ok, here are the directions..
1. Fly To Nethergarde Keep
2. Go to The Seprents Coil, near where you kill ashmane boars/basilisks and above The Dark Portal.
3. Clear all addons; remember Servant Of Allistarj cannot be killed.
4. Enter The Cave.
5. Kill Everything in the way.
6. Follow the path.
7. You will reach a place where you must turn left to continue.
8. If it is the wrong place there will be 2 normal mobs.
9. If it is the RIGHT place (second time it looks the same as the first) there will be 2 mobs and a GIANT felhunter.
10. Kill the mob standing on the correct direction to continue walking into the cave.
11. Kill the mob that can be pulled.
12. If you are alone, there are 2 types of tactics:
- Go allout against Kirith The Damned and either kill him and quickly talk to his spririt for the followup or..
- Kill the adds and die then kill Kirith..
WARNING- The mobs spawn VERY fast.
13. If you are in a group 1 person takes out the addons and 1 goes againts Kirith. AS long as adds die ure good.
14. The person fighting Kirith may die, the look at Kiriths health, either go allout against him or die and go together.
15. Talk to the spirit.
16. If your a miner there is a Small Thorium Vein behind Kirith, mine it.
17. Then either:
-Stealth out
-Hearthstone out
-Kill all the spawns (basically everything u killed before) and exit the cave.
18. Go to the Fallen Hero Of The Horde to handin your quest and get the followup to go to Azshara. | Location is 65,34 end of the cave

Good luck ;) | Subject: "Kirith's Spirit"
You don't have to be the one who kills Kirith to talk to his spirit. So long as someone kills him and his spirit appears, anyone with the quest can talk to him and turn in the quest regardless of whether you took part in the killing.

So if you see a bunch of peeps going for him, just tag along =) | Subject: "A pain"
Ok this quest is a pain.. I found Kirith in the very bottom of the cave found in serpents coil. HE is a HUGE Felbeast. Mages this must suck for you cause he drains huge chunks of mana.. Also he comes with 2 of the local baddies. Much luck to all who attempt this solo.. My third attemp and I am about to call a guildie in for backup