# Quest ID: 273
# Quest Title: Resupplying the Excavation
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=273
# Subject: "<Blank>"
I found at 52,69 i was able to attack the 3 men standing by Miran and Saean, and then at 63,66 I was ambushed by two others, all lvl 10. | Subject: "Quest"
These guys are down at the south end of the lake that is just east of Town. When you get there, the ambush will go on and then you fight the dark irons off.

Then, and be quick about this, talk to Huldar and Miran. If you take too long and someone else is there, chances are Miran is going to get started up the way with them. When I got there, there was a line of folks waiting to escort him.

Miran will walk almost all the way up to the site, then get attacked by more irons. At least two pop, maybe 1 plus 1 for each person walking him, but as I did it alone it was no problem. I just sheeped the one that Miran didnt attack and we went at it.

If you dont catch him in time, or he isnt at the wagon when you get htere, dont worry. He walks up to the prospector, then despawns and reappears at the wagon again. So if he's not there, then just wait and he will be shortly. | Subject: "Yeah :)"
I alos found them at the location 52,69 | Sorry to ruin the surprise, but if you're reading this you likely won't mind. As you approach the supply cart, you'll be surprised to find Saean begin attacking Miran with two other dwarves that appear. Jump in and save him!

The ambush starts when you get within proximity (not when you talk to anyone). Make sure you're healed up and ready to deal damage prior to approaching the cart. Otherwise this isn't very hard.