# Quest ID: 2742
# Quest Title: Rin'ji is Trapped!
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2742
# Subject: "just to clearify"
Just to make it alittle more clear(because I got confused)

The Tablet is found on an island(not the cliffs)east of the path.

Maybe I'm the only one that the above comments confused, but if not, hopefully the above statement helps. | This quest end's at Rin'ji's Secret which is at 86,59 in the Hinterlands (an island). | Subject: "read the commnts man"
christ -- so far TWO people have given the right cords already. 86,59

why dont you read when people say before you aske for the cords again | Subject: "86,59 is correct"
This is the island with the arch on it, almost due east of the path leading down to the turtle beach.  The hint given in the quest is totally wrong. 

Also, what you are looking for is a large stone tablet, not a table.  Preview is your friend, folks.

Bo | You'll get ambushed twice by a group of ~3 elves... it's not too hard. Not a long walk either, just to the road. Watch out for those owlbeasts, Rin'ji likes to walk in to them on his haphazard path -_- | Subject: "Rin'ji"
4200 XP.  Rin'ji is in a cage by the lake in the back of Quel'Danil Lodge.  When you let him out, he'll go to Shadra'Alor.  Clear the way out of the lodge before you accept the quest.  The spawning mobs aren't a big problem but he can get into a lot of trouble in the forest.  When he gets close to Shadra'Alor he'll run away.  Let him go.  Go to the island north of Revantusk, where you'll find his tablet on top.  That completes the quest and starts the next one in the series. | Subject: "kords"
end quest 86,59 and start second part. | Subject: "Turtles and Secrets"
Well the quest does say that the reward may not be that exciting (as a troll would say anything to escape his bonds). Also w.r.t the turtles - they were all yellow for me and did not aggro.