# Quest ID: 2745
# Quest Title: Infiltrating the Castle
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2745
# For those still wondering, yes it is still bugged.
Please make a bug report on the blizzard website or consider leaving a comment on my report:

https://us.forums.blizzard.com/en/wow/t/infiltrating-the-castle-bugged/1660796

Thank you in advance,
Bajala | Subject: "tyrion"
i found him in the garden in stormwind KEEP  as somebody mentioned  and he gives the quest as well | Subject: "So here's how it is"
Alright people, here's the deal:

Once you get the 3 silk and 2 apples, go back and talk to the goblin in the SW keep gardens.  You'll get a quest completion then if spybot is next to him, a new yellow ! will appear.  If it's not there and he's mumbling about a tree branch, then someone has activated the quest and you'll have to wait.  Once they kill the dudes (or die) the spybot will come back after about 2 minutes, at which point the quest is available again.

If you die or someone else tags one of the bosses, YOU MUST ABANDON THE QUEST before you can activate it again.  You DO NOT need to get the apples and silk again, that quest in finished.

This quest is really easy, especially if there happens to be other people standing around.  I soloed it with my 30 or 31 pally, barely taking 1/3 of my health in damage.  My 30 druid teamed up with a 30 warrior and we finished it in about 10 seconds flat.

Hope this helps put everything in one place for you! | It is 2019, thought you might know it is bugged for the time it takes for the quest tom reactivate
Going back here if i have updates | Weird that nobody has mentioned it:
The quest log tells you to talk to agnome named Tyrion who is in the castle. George R.R. Martin wrote the book 1 Game of Thrones a couple of years earlier, in 1996....
The previous comments are from the early days in WoW. Maybe most people do not read fantasy and got to know Game of Thrones first when it went cinematic. | Subject: "buggy"
i think that this quest is buggy... the spybott is with tyrion but i can't speak to him... when i speak to him he says that they r going to assault the dude... whatever his name was...