# Quest ID: 2746
# Quest Title: Items of Some Consequence
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2746
# I've always thought this was one of the funniest quests in the game.

Spybot is going to be disguised as a woman, what could those 2x apples POSSIBLY represent?? =) | Subject: "Clara's Confusion"
hum... Clara grows great apples eh?  then why is her garden full of cabages? | Subject: "[b]Just read Answers - Dont keep asking same question[/b]"
*Yawn* I cant beleive how some people keep asking the same question over and over again when it has been posted for a long time.

Claras Apples: After Exiting Stormwind from enterance closest to Goldshire,  you can see a little house with farm to the side of the house, walk inside and you will see a bowl of apples on the table. Grab the apples. - Complete.

Silk Cloth: I got my silk cloth from Stockades, Considering its close to where the quest is to hand in and also because they drop quite commonly and all humanoids in the instance. After getting all the Silk cloth (3) You should have the requirements to hand in quest. - Complete.

Simple? | Subject: "Apples at Clara's"
On the table in the building right outside the Stormwind gates. South and slightly West..right off the road. | He could've just used any kind of apples but nooo... he had to use the extra large ones. | Subject: "Clara's ... Apples? HAHAHAHA"
I can't believe no one has commented about the use of the apples.. you're totally using Clara's apples as boobs for the robot's disguise.

LOL

Clara has nice apples indeed... Two hands full! | Clara's house is just outside of Stormwind City to the South/slightly Southwest. Her house has no decorations and is on the Stormwind side of the water that is around this area. Once you're in her house, the apples are in a large bowl on the table. Nothing happens when you take them. | This quest leads to https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=434 | Subject: "Clara's Farm"
Easy. Just to the southwest of Stormwind. Coords 34,56 Elwynn Forest. | Subject: "Toooo easy folks...gezzusss !!!!"
This is NOT rocket science folks.  Apples are on table in the farmhouse just outside city to the right.  Have the 3 silk in ur inventory,  not in the bank.  After u talk to Tyrion the final time... quest starts automatically.  Watch ur text...wait for Tyrion to yell. "Now...attack now !"  If u let either one of them slip away...then u have to do quest over again.  Simply delete quest,  and "Con" Tryion again.  Go to step one,  rinse and repeat. | Subject: "If you don't Succeed try, try again."
If you fail at killing the 30 and 31, go to your quest log and hit [Abandon Quest] for [The Attack!]. If you wait about 20-30 seconds, the yellow exclamation point will re-appear over Tyrion's head and you can retry the quest. | 34,57 Elwynn forest. Between Stormwind entrance and Mirror Lake. 5 seconds off main road to stormwind, 1st house south of Stormwind entrance. | Subject: "Leads to this quest > The Attack!"
Leads to this quest > The Attack! https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=434/the-attack | For those thinking of being clever and saving some time walking by picking up  Clara's Fresh Apple in advance, you cannot loot these before having this quest. | The ultimate reward for this quest chain is  Seal of Wrynn, an incredible twinking or levelling ring. The entire chain rewards a ton of XP and has you visiting multiple instances and zones. Twinks would be best to commence this long chain as soon as is practicable, at level 16, and of course you'll need some buddies to carry you.
 The Unsent Letter - a drop from Edwin VanCleef in The Deadmines, who might also drop  Cape of the Brotherhood,  Cruel Barb or  Blackened Defias Armor if you are really lucky!
 Bazil Thredd - back in Stormwind City
 The Stockade Riots in the The Stockade. Hopefully  Prison Shank,  Iron Knuckles or  Jimmied Handcuffs also dropped for you!
 The Curious Visitor in Stormwind City
 Shadow of the Past
 Look to an Old Friend
 Infiltrating the Castle
 Items of Some Consequence which takes you to Elwynn Forest and elsewhere for  Silk Cloth
 The Attack! in Stormwind City
 The Head of the Beast
 Brotherhood's End
 An Audience with the King
Congratulations! A ton of XP, reputation and a very nice ring indeed!