# Quest ID: 275
# Quest Title: Blisters on The Land
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=275
# There are several "fen-type" creates in Wetlands. To complete this quest you have to kill 12 Fen Creepers. Unfortunately, they are invisible but you can use a macro that will help you finding them:


/cleartarget
/target Fen Creeper
/cleartarget [dead]
/run if (UnitExists("target")) then SetRaidTarget("target",8) end
You bind this macro to a button. Clicking the button will target any nearby Fen Creeper that is alive and put a skull on it. I'm not an expert in macros and targeting so there might be a way to clean the macro up a bit. However, it works as advertised.
Last edited by Doomgrip on 2020/03/16 | Subject: "Locations"
Since these things are invisible, thought I would help give some of the locations of the Fen Creepers that I found. If you have Cosmos you can use these coordinates. (20,28), (20,24), (48,37), (47,32) (46,34),(47,36), (54,37), (56,46), (55,46), (51,32), (37,33). Hope this helps and good luck hunting. | Subject: "Coords for ever spawn! :)"
55,46
55,37
53,36
51,32
48,37
47,35
46,34

Simple! :) | Subject: "My place"
The place around broken molen (Sundown Marsh, loc 20,30) has good chance for some Fen Creepers.

In the east (Ironbeard's Tomb) is too dangerous with another visible enemies, west place is more safe with only crocolisks's. | Subject: "Disappointing end"
Looking at this from somewhat of an RP perspective (I'm on Silver Hand), the end rewards are disappointing. If any class is going to help 'preserve the balance', it'll be druids and hunters, yet the items doled out from this end quest are almost entirely useless to either class.

Admittedly, the xp reward is pretty nice.

--
Sureshot, Dwarven Hunter
Aegidis, Dwarven Paladin
Vikeshta, Night Elf Warrior | Subject: "easy way"
just type a macro

/target den creeper
and run across waterways hitting macro.
sure it will save you much time :) | I just did this quest today, and these Fen Creepers are found in the water channels of the Wetlands between The Sundown Marsh (where murlocs/giant crocolisks are) and The Green Belt (the area with the Greenwarden and eastward). I found the greater number of these in the shallow pool areas of the water channels.