# Quest ID: 2766
# Quest Title: Find OOX-22/FE!
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2766
# coord: 52,57 | Subject: "Co-ords"
Go to yeti cave at 53,56.  Go through first part of cave, should then see it in the clearing. | Subject: "Not Impossible I Guess"
Tried this with my 48 Druid three times. Not a big fan of escort quests (always given at too early a level) but why not? Cleared the path by killing 12 yetis in advance but they respawn so quickly that's it's hard to completely clear. At least the skins are great and the yetis usually drop 1-2S.

Each time the chicken aggroed the yetis in the cave on the way out. No problem. Outside the cave, the chicken would aggro another (no problem) but then a second would run up. I was OK but lost the chicken on that double the first time.

The second time, a re-run; made it through the cave and the double outside the cave. Headed to the path. The chicken aggroed one yeti, then two. We were doing OK until TWO more yetis showed up. Did they think we were serving lunch? Four is about one too many for me, so I ran. Chicken salad.

The third time I cleaned out all the yetis between the path and the cave. There were only 3. Where was the 4th? Same thing - made it out of the cave, past the double at the front of the cave and off to the path. One yeti, two yeti, three yeti, four. Five yeti, six yeti, seven yeti, more? I was in the middle of a yeti convention. Ran and just barely made it to the path. Chicken soup.

Groundhog Day? I don't know how you solo guys managed to do this and I didn't get to 48 by killing rabbits and cows. I didn't dump the quest but I'll need to bring reinforcements. It's probably worth doing (like most escort quests) but I haven't seen one yet (that I remember) that most players can do solo. | Subject: "Definitely a drop and bring some friends!"
To find the robot go into the Yeti cave, the path it bends around and opens back up to a small area enclosed outside.  Right before the entrance to the next cave area is the bot.

The first part where you find the robot is ok -getting past the Yetis but the next part is a frustrating escort mission.  You meet at least 3 waves of 5 mobs attacking at different legs of the journey all the way to the docks on the west shore.  As with these missions if the robo dies so does the mission so you have to restart it again in the caves. | I'm going to post this message on all three of these "Find" quests, just in case someone doesn't see it on one of the other two.

If you plan to do these quests in a group (which is very helpful, as any escort quest) everyone must first have completed the "Find" part of the quest, which means you have to find the chicken, choose "Complete" and then be *offered* the next part of the quest, which is the actual escort part. But do not accept this part until everyone has done the "Find" part, otherwise it won't be offered to them as escort quests normally are, because technically you are not on the same stage of the quest yet.

So just complete the "Find" part, then when the next part is offered, decline it until everyone is ready to accept it. | Subject: "2767, I think"
Copied from the next quest page:

And here's my solo strategy...
Score 0.3    Vote: [-] [+] by connery, 2.3 months ago
What I did for Feralas and Hinterlands (for Tanaris I had help) to do them solo as a 50 Druid was:

1) Clear out the first set of creatures on the route - slimes for Hinterlands, yetis for Feralas.

2) Follow the chicken stealthed if possible, or if not, don't let any creatures aggro on YOU.  If they aggro on the chicken, and the chicken keeps walking, don't interfere.  The chicken will walk away unhurt eventually, but if the creature aggro's on you, the chicken will either help out (and maybe get killed), or walk too far away from you and the quest will fail.

3) When the chicken detects an ambush, RUN OUT IN FRONT and aggro ALL of the ambush creatures, and anything else in the chicken's path!  Run down the path pulling the creatures with you, and eventually they will give up and run back to the ambush point.  The trick is that now the chicken will have walked far enough past the ambush point that the creatures won't see it, and you get away clean!  Be sure not to run too fast and get too far away from the chicken (and the quest fails), but also be sure to run fast enough that the chicken doesn't aggro one of the creatures onto itself!  It's kind of a balancing act.

4) Try again and again after you fail.  You will get better at it.

5) If you are about to try it solo, go ahead and tell the General channel that you are going to try the chicken escort, and please if anyone is on the path, could they hang out and help kill the ambushes, or even come run interference?  I know that if I hear you, I am going to help out, because I know what a bear these quests are. | Subject: "Confusing..."
Because there are three different chickens, it can really confuse people on which one their really looking for... Lets start with this one.

First of all, this chicken isn't in Hillsbrad, Tanaris, Alterac Valley, Hinterlands...It's Feralas, where you got the egg.

The Yeti cave you're looking for is around 54,56 or south of Dire Maul.

It took me forever looking for the robotic chicken because most of the things people sent for this was incorrect and because I got distracted.

While your escorting the chicken, you'll get some mobs of 3-5 that will attack you, they are from level 42-45.

Lastly, why the GM's kept saying to go to Booty Bay to some of you for the quest is because after you escort the chicken off, you're supposed to go to Booty Bay to finish the quest.

Hope this helps! | I feel it's pretty much an unwritten rule to help anyone you see on this quest, regardless of faction. Reason being, these are already a pain in the ass, without hostility. This one in particular is dreadful, with a kamakaze chicken, who often runs ahead, ignoring it's own spawned mobs to fight randoms.

When I was doing this quest with another Hordie, a couple higher level Alliance stopped by and helped with the final battle. I later helped out one of theirs when I saw them struggling with the final two battles. It was a gnome of all things, and I can't stand those creatures. It hugged me...