# Quest ID: 2783
# Quest Title: Petty Squabbles
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2783
# Subject: "<Blank>"
Now this is actually an incredibly long quest line that has you killing lots of mobs and bosses here in Blasted Lands, in Azshara, and then back to Blasted Lands again, ending with a quest to kill Razelikh the Defiler.  Now Thottbot doesn't have the whole quest line linked together, and some of the rewards are missing, but here's the full line as close as I can make it:

Step 1 (Alliance only, Horde just go straight to Step 2, far as I know):
Giver: Ambassador Ardalan
Name: Petty Squables
Description: Talk to the Fallen Hero of the Horde, who can be found at the border of Blasted Lands and Swamp of Sorrows

Step 2:
Giver: Fallen Hero of the Horde
Name: Fall From Grace
Description: Talk to the Fallen Hero of the Horde.

Step 3:
Giver: Fallen Hero of the Horde
Name: A Tale of Sorrow
Description: Go through the story of the Fallen Hero of the Horde in his chat dialog.

Step 4:
Giver: Fallen Hero of the Horde
Name: The Stones That Bind Us
Description: Destroy 3 Servants of Sevine, Servants of Allistarj, and Servants of Grol, and 9 Servants of Razelikh.  The process by which to destroy them is to attack them until they become "banished" - they go all ghostly and translucent and are invulnerable, then destroy the stone near them.  Be sure to initiate the attack while near the Servant's Binding Stone, otherwise, you will not be able to destroy it.

Step 5:
Giver: Fallen Hero of the Horde
Name: Heroes of Old
Description:  Talk to Corporal Thund Splithoof, another ghost who will now spawn a few feet away, on the other side of the road from the Giver: Fallen Hero of the Horde.

Step 6:
Giver: Corporal Thund Splithoof
Name: Heroes of Old
Description: Open the chest that spawns on the ground next to Corporal Thund Splithoof.  You'll get Shard of Afrasa from the chest as a reward.

Step 7:
Giver: Fallen Hero of the Horde
Name: Kirith
Description: Find Kirith the Damned in the cave in the eastern wall of Serpent's Coil.  He's a 55 Elite freakin huge Felhound.  Kill him, and the Spirit of Kirith appears.  Talk to him to complete the quest and begin the next part.

Step 8:
Giver: Spirit of Kirith
Name: The Cover of Darkness
Description: Go back to the Fallen Hero of the Horde.

Step 9:
Giver: Fallen Hero of the Horde
Name: The Demon Hunter]
Description:  To come when I complete it!

Further steps: I'll post em when I've done em!

As far as I know, the remaining steps are as such:
Talk to the demon hunter in Azshara, and he'll send you off to talk to some guy to get the true name of Razelikh, so he can make weapons to destroy him.  The guy who is supposed to tell you the name will have you go kill some hydra off the east coast of Azshara.  Then he'll tell you the name, which you bring back to the demon hunter.  The demon hunter will then send you off with some felhounds to collect Azsharite to make the weapons.  Once you collect it, he will make the weapons, and send you back to the Blasted Lands.  You will then have to destroy the 3 servants of Razelikh - Sevine, Allistarj, and Grol in order to collect 3 parts of an amulet which will allow you to gain access to Razelikh himself.  This can only be done with the weapons you just received.  Once you've got the amulet, you will be able to use it on the various Runes of the Defiler which can be found around the Mound of the Defiler.  This will teleport you up to the top, where you will have to destroy Razelikh himself.  End of story.  I think. | Subject: "Continued quest line"
Step 10
Giver Loramus Thalipedes
Name Breaking The Ward

Step 11

For this part you have to travel to Lord Arkkoroc on the island in the north east corner of the bay in Azshara, named the Temple of Arkkoran.

Step 12

Name of the Beast

Kill Hetaera. Killed her with my 58 Pally and a 56 Priest, we found her walking the ocean floor at 59,48.

Step 13

Name of the Beast
Back to Lord Arkkoroc for hand in.

Step 14

Giver Loramus Thalipedes
Name Azsharite

On this part now... | Subject: "Full quest chain"
This is the first quest in a long line of quests that end up with you fighting Razelikh. This is a summary of the entire saga.

Note: This is for the Alliance. Horde start with The Disgraced One.

1.Petty Squabbles
2.Fall From Grace
3.A Tale of Sorrow
4.The Stones That Bind Us (Given by Fallen Hero)
5.Heroes of Old
6.Heroes of Old (Reward: Shard of Afrasa)
7.Kirith (level 55 elite. Given by Fallen Hero)
8.The Cover of Darkness
9.The Demon Hunter (Loramus is at 61,66)
10.Loramus
11.Breaking the Ward
12.The Name of the Beast (Talk to Lord Arkkoroc. He is inside the Temple at 76,42)
13.The Name of the Beast (Kill Hetaera)
14.The Name of the Beast (Go back to Loramus)
15.Azsharite
16.The Formation of Felbane (Galvan is in Stanglethorn)
17.Enchanted Azsharite Fel Weaponry
18.Return to the Blasted Lands
19.Uniting the Shattered Amulet (Kill Sevine, Grol and Allistarj using weapon given by Galvan)
20.You Are Rakh'likh, Demon (Razelikh can be found around 47,23 Blasted Lands)

Note: You get 3 different items after completing Rakh'likh:
- Demon Hide Sack
- Demon's Blood trinket
- Necklace of Sanctuary

Besides those 3 items you get the trinket from Heroes of Old quest AND the weapon that Galvan forged in The Formation of Felbane.