# Quest ID: 281
# Quest Title: Reclaiming Goods
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=281
# Subject: "<Blank>"
13,41
13,38
13,34 | yeh 1 camp after the other

Damaged Crate 13.41
Sealed Barrel 13:38
Half-Barried Barrel 13:34 | Subject: "The plan"
The crate is at the first village (where you killed merlocs nearest the road). The barrel is at the 3rd (of 4) villiages as you proceed up the coast. The 4th villiage is full of the warriors and oracles. Be wary if you want to kill there as they are tightly packed and higher level w/ healers.

Keep in mind, however that you need to click the object in the second village as well to proceed. You get some dwarf cheese at that spot :-)

The objects open like treasure chests (timer) and are located between the huts. Very easy to spot. | Subject: "I got confused"
Ok, so after looking and looking, i finally figured it out.
~ to complete this quest open the Battered Crate at 13,41. For thos w/o coords, when you run over the first wooden bridge leaving Menethil, turn right and you'll run past a small waterfall. You'll see the first Murloc camp ahead, kill them. The box is in the middle.
~ you are then told to find the Barrel. Go north from where you are, you'll find another murloc camp not far ahead. The barrel is in there, 13,37.
~ Again, same deal. Open the barrel and head north to the third camp 13,34 this time. For this one i didn't have to kill a single murloc. Open the object, complete, accept, and head back to Menethil to complete the next.
~ He doesn't wander much, i found him both times at the point where both roads meet the docks 8,58. Bing! 1500 exp for me at 24 for this last one. How simple was that?

Congrats! you've just completed four quests in a matter of minutes. Happy hunting! | Subject: "."
13,41
13,38
13,34

was done in 2 mins