# Quest ID: 2870
# Quest Title: Against Lord Shalzaru
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2870
# Subject: "Cords"
27, 67 in his cove. | Subject: "Useless Comments"
Comments in which the poster only writes about how easy it was to kill the NPC are NOT helpful. They are boring, self aggrandizing, and a little sad.

It is helpful to post coords or detailed directions to the location for people without Cosmos. It is also helpful to explain what you encountered, but it doesn't help anyone to read over and over again about 'how easy' it was for everyone! Stop bragging and post something useful! | Subject: "Worth doing"
The cave is at 27,67 or south of Ruins of Solarsal.  There are plenty of nagas, but they are spread out, outside of the cave.  Inside is a different story.

Most of the nagas you encounter are lvl 43-45.  Be careful of the aggro because these nagas run, they will attract other nagas.  To get to Shalzaru, from the entrance, go straight until you see a water.  Hes on the other side. (Make sure to clear out as much of the nagas as possible).  As for the boss, he wasn't to hard. Shalzaru was orange to me, I was level 44 atm, hes 47.  Pulled the guard next to him, and then he came after.  Quickly got rid of his guard and then went on to him. His regular damage for me is 50-55 dmg, considering that I have 3.3k defense.  He casts frost nova every 4-5 seconds which can deal about 200 damage.  Dealing with two of them, brought me to about 1/2 life.  I didn't have to bubble or heal.  The real hard part is getting out :P cuz the nagas spawn so damn fast.  Oh well, heres my chance to bubble =D. | Subject: "USEFUL INFORMATION"
Don't have Cosmos? Read this.
The Lord Shalzaru is on Isle of Dread, the second island that is located directly south of Feathermoon Stronghold. Simply swim from the Ruins of Solarsal to the island. Continue on a trail until you find a cave entrance. Watch out as many naga are lurking around. If you walk straight into the entrance and don't turn at all, you will soon find two pillars. Walk between these. You should onw be in a room with a pool of water. He is located at the left-most part of this pool. He has 2 guards close to him and several further away. I think he is blue in color rather than the green like other naga. He is level 47 and is simple to beat if you take out his 2 close guards. You may want to set your hearthstone to the stronghold to avoid running through naga afterward. I hope this helps.

Level 45 Hunter | If you're playing Hardcore Classic using the RXP guide add-on, it will tell you to go and solo this quest at level 45-46. My advice is that you don't. Lord Shalzaru, the naga you need to kill for the drop, is all the way at the back of a long cave swarming with naga, some of which have a Frostbolt ability that slows you, and others that Net you for 10 seconds. This cave is one of the biggest hotspots for deaths in all of Feralas. If you're leveling solo and you're not a class that can easily get away from a bad situation, you're better off skipping this quest.
Last edited by ercarp on 2023/10/15 | He is located in in a cave on the island south of Feathermoon Stronghold at 28,71. He is a level 47 non-elite with two guards. | Subject: "Coor"
The lord is 28,70 in the cave | Subject: "Experience/Raputation"
In addition to 2900 XP, I also got an increase in my reputation with Darnassus for completing this quest at level 43. | Subject: "tough but doable"
i'm a lvl 43 paladin so i'm a sponge for damage, and i managed to solo this using a few tricks. I died the first time trying to get through the cave i ended up getting slaughtered by 3 sourcerers. While dead I explored the rest of the cave and found that there is a big underwater tunnel east of the island where the naga lord is. I decided to rez and run for the tunnel and dive in; I ended up pulling a whole lot of naga when I ressed but I used the paladins magic sheilds which in total gave me 20 seconds to peg it to the underwater tunnel, thus getting me far enough from the mobs so they ran back to their spawn points.

It's advisable to clear the area around the island before you try and pull the naga guards, and to watch out because the respawn rate is pretty quick. It's possible to pull the guards on the island without pulling the naga lord, i just used the age old sneak as close as i could. The only problem was that they were bother sorceresses so if you can find a handy piece of scenery to put yourself behind they have no line-of-sight and cannot cast on you, therefore that will pull them to you and away from the island. nice exp, a total of about 6800exp (once you deliver the artifact ot the quest givers wife) plus a piece of plate or mail armor. | I suggest to skip this quest unless at least one of the following conditions are true:
you're lvl 48+
you've got a group or higher lvl player help
you are rogue or druid and have stealth
Lord Shalzaru himself is easy even for lvl43-44, but what is hard is to get to him: the cave is full of nagas with extremely fast respawn rate, endless daze and frostbolts hitting for 300-350 damage.