# Quest ID: 2879
# Quest Title: The Stave of Equinex
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2879
# Subject: "The Flames"
Flame of Imbel > 40,9
Flame of Lahassa > 38,12
Flame of Byltan > 38,16
Flame of Samha > 41,13

Equinex Monolith > 39,13 | Subject: "What Level Was That Again?"
I got this in Feathermoon when I was a 43 druid. Wandered up to the ruins, looked at the level of the animals around there (49-50) and am now convinced that some of the game designers at Blizz are smoking something more powerful than Winstons. What would be the point of my carrying this staff in my backpack (actually after awhile I put it in the bank) around for five levels? Am I missing some kind of arcane thrill?

Now that I'm a mighty 47, I thought I'd go back and take a look again. I remembered to take the stave out of the bank, ducked most of the nasty bears and wolves (only had one wolf end up on the dinner table), then attempted to stealth into the ruins.

Well, I might as well have marched in at the head of a Dixieland band. The entire population of Feralas showed up, armed with flamethrowers, bazookas and at least one ex-Russian Air Force nuclear weapon. There were so many fireballs in the air I think my screen got damaged. The Spirit Healer said she wasn't sure if there was enough left to heal.

I plan to try this again as a 62. Seriously, I applaud all you who soloed this but it surely didn't work for me and I didn't get to 47 by killing cows and rabbits. There's a line in this game between exciting and a complete waste of time and I think the GMs need to think a little longer about where the line is. If I had been given this quest at 46 or 47, I can understand. Patience is a virtue and the stave can go in the bank for 4 levels (but why?). But to get this at 43?

No comprende. | Flame of Imbel > 40,9
Flame of Lahassa > 38,12
Flame of Byltan > 38,16
Flame of Samha > 41,13

Equinex Monolith > 39,13

After you gather all 4 flames, make your way to the Equinex Monolith.

Then right-click the Troyas stave in your inventory. This will consume the Troyas stave and the 4 flames, turning them into the Stave of Equinex.

Then right-click on the Equinex Monolith itself. This will allow you to complete The Stave of Equinex quest and immediately gives you the follow-up quest, The Morrow Stone.

You should have the Stave of Equinex and A Sparkling Stone in your inventory. Check your quest log just in case (bec it's a long run back if you forgot something), and return to Troyas Moonbreeze in Feathermoon Stronghold to turn in. | Subject: "<Blank>"
All 4 flames can be found in the ruins of Ravenwind.  3 are found normally on the ground in the ruins, 1 is a bit trickyer however. It is on top of a ruined building in the SE corner of the ruins. You have to do some good old fashioned platform jumping to reach it :) | no matter what you do. don't die. the nearest graveyard is feathermoon stronghold. take you ages to run back and no shortcut | Subject: "Very Easy @ 51"
Three of the flames are very easy to find because they just sit on the ground on bowls. The harpies in this area are 48-50 stuff and very easy kills for my 51 Mage, although they don't seem to drop light feathers. >_> So I just cleared out harpies as needed to get to the flames and monolith. The fourth flame is on a roof of one of the ruins, but if you're practiced in platform hopping it's not difficult to get to. Once you have all of the flames, stand within target distance of the monolith and right click the staff in your inventory. This will energize it and transform it into the Staff of Equinex. Then you can "open" the monolith and complete the quest. "open" the monolith a second time to receive the Sparkling Stone and accept the next stage of the quest. | Subject: "Pre-Quest"
You need to complete this quest-chain before this quests becomes available:
https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2940/feralas-a-history | Subject: "HOW to actually do it."
Instead of giving you an abundance of useless information (i.e. "I did it by myself - easy"), I'm going to remind you to do the one thing that I forgot and did not rediscover until I died for the sixth time.

Do you combine the essences? NO.
Do you right click the Monolith? NO.

You have to right click on the staff before you do anything else. Yeah, I forgot I had it in my inventory because it looks like a POS gray staff that drops from random mobs. But yeah, right click on the staff near the Monolith to charge it, then click on the Monolith.

It sounds simple, but you won't believe how many people forget to do this. Hope it helps. | Subject: "The Stave of Equinex"
Location: Feralas; Fetahermoon Stronghold; 41.35 (To recieve the quest). Ruins of Ravenwind; 40.12 (Samha) 39.9 (Imbel) 38.15 (Byltan) 37.12 (Lahassa) 38.13 (Equinex Monolith and to complete the quest).

Description: Levels 49-50. Basically just run around the ruins and grab the essences. The Samha flame is on top of the ruins, so you will need to climb up it. Just look for the rails that lead up to it. Once you have all the essences, you will need to go to the Monolith. However, you can not turn the stave into the "Stave of Equinex" until you actually click on the Monolith first (even though this really isn't part of the quest as you will see a greyed out complete button; therefore it's probably just bugged). Once you click on the Monolith, then you can right click the stave in your bag to complete it. Then click on the Monolith once again to complete and accept the final part of the quest. From there, you recieve the quest "The Morrow Stone." Simply return to the quest giver.

Experience: 4700

Reputation: 110 points with Darnassus; 28 points with Gnomeregan Exiles; 28 points with Ironforge

Character: Level 50

Version: 1.8.4

Edited, Sat Dec 24 05:55:47 2005 | Subject: "Er..."
What? I collected all 4 essences from the flames and went to the altar thing, and it asked for a stave. I don't have a stave. I just have 4 stones. | Subject: "The Flames are..."
Flame of Imbel - 40,9

Flame of Lahassa - 38,12

Flame of Byltan - 38,16

Flame of Samha - 41,13

Equinex Monolith - 39,13

VERY IMPORTANT! Deliver quest :-P Good Luck, I hope my tip helped you. | Subject: "harpies drops feathers"
I just thought it would be worth mentioning that the Vibrant Plumes the harpies drop can be turned in at the darkmoon faire in return for tickets. ;) | Subject: "Locations"
Just solo'd on 46 Rogue, Stealth and Sap if you don't want to fight anything.
Either way; they aren't too strong; the level 50 ones barely knocked off half my HP when I fought them.

Just for quick reference; The locations to everything are:

Flame of Byltan: 38,15
Flame of Imbel: 39,9
Flame of Lahassa: 37,12
Flame of Samha: 40,12
Equinex Monolith: 39, 12