# Quest ID: 2882
# Quest Title: Cuergo's Gold
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2882
# Not worth it on Classic, unless you are not alone:

- Mobs spawn together and do not split, so you need to kill 5 together.
- The mobs / chest despawn after a few minutes. So if you kill one of them and loot the key and they despawn before you manage to kill the others and loot the chest, you cannot complete the quest anymore unless you farm the map all over again or someone else click on the dam thing to spawn the mobs/chest again.

This is stupidly bugged. | Subject: "Results"
Once you found all 3 Map fragments(Upper, Middle, Lower), use one of them, then it will combine to the Cuergo's Map, it's a quest.

Go to the Southern Part of Tan, you will see Land's End Beach.
On the Beach, there are a lot of elite turtles.. skip them.
Walk along the cliff side, you will find a triggerable Inconspicous Landmark(it's actually a broken flag), do it when you are ready to fight 5 lev 44~45 normal mob.

You will find the Cuergo's Key on one of them and use it to open the chest under the Landmark =)

I got a schematic and an axe of agility.. well..
I think it's similiar to Captain's Key.. but with 2 green items instead of one o.O...

When I complete it, I am a lev51 rogue. Pretty easy for me to fight 5 at the same time ^^ | This has to be one of the most fun quests in the whole game. I highly recommend you don't use any websites and just do the riddle. :) | Be warned, when you activate the secret place (no spoilers here :P) 5 pirates spawn around you, all of them level 44 - 45. What I did was run into the mountains right after activating the next quest step and pull one of them, which dropped the key for me. | Subject: "completed this today"
Once you finish the map head south and go to the beach in Tanaris.

Click on the mast once you find it and be ready to run.  Once the timer is done 5 pirates spawn.  If you run immediately they won't attack. 

I was able to then just pull two of them, rinse and repeat till they are all dead.  You need to at least kill one and get the key. 

Rewards were not very good considering the difficulty getting the map parts.

Anyone know what Cuergo's gold (the drink) is good for? | So, you can get quite a few green items if you are patient. Get enough drops from the pirates to make 5 complete maps.

Go down to the area and click on the landmark to start the event. Run away before they spawned pirates can aggro you. Since I was a mage it was easy for me to kill them all with AoE. I think their average level was about 44-45. Loot only one of the bodies for the key, go open Cuergo's lockbox and loot the box you get from completing the quest. Click on another of the maps to start the quest again. Go back and loot one of the other bodies that still haven't been looted, they will have the key again. Repeat until all your maps have been used up. | Subject: "Guide to getting Cuergo's Gold"
This will be the information EVERYONE would like to know.

How & Where:
To get this chest or quest, you will have to kill pirates East of Tanaris. These pirates are the ones you kill for Steamweedle Port quests, and their location is on the East side of Caverns of Time.

Items required:
To get the items for the quest, you will have to keep killing the pirates until a Pirate's Footlocker. It has a 3.9% drop rate, these Footlockers will give you map fragments, depending on your luck, you may get Lower Map Fragment OR Middle Map Fragment OR Upper Map Fragment which will combine by right clicking one of them into Cuerog's Treasure Map.

Right clicking this Quest Item will begin this quest: Cuergo's Gold

For this Quest, you will need to venture all the way south of Tanaris, you will need to swim along the coast and mountains for abit, before reaching the EXACT PLACE where you can get your Curego's Hidden Treasure.

Level recommended 45+

Reason 1:
There are about 4 Surf Glider level 50 guarding the place.

Reason 2:
5 pirates ranging from level 44-45 will spawn upon opening the "Landmark".

Reason 3:
You will need to kill 1 of the pirates to get Cuergo's Key in order to open the chest.

How to do it:
I did it with my 42 druid. What I did was stealth to the "Landmark", then wait til the turtles are far enough so I won't aggro them and begin opening, once it is opened, the chest and the 5 pirates spawned, I shapshifted and ran back towards the mountain to prevent aggroing ANYTHING.

I pulled 3 of the 5 pirates and took them down slowly in bear form. I got the KEY. I hurried to open the chest.

HOWEVER, the chest and the 2 remaining pirates DESPAWNED. So, I reopened the "Landmark" again, 5 pirates spawned again, I ran back towards the mountains, then went straight for the chest without pulling any of them. Complete the quest, got my chest, and i hearthed out.

I really hope this information will help ALL of you doing this, because there are just too many junks up there.

PS: The chest will most likely give you a blue and greens, but if you only get greens, count yourself unlucky. I got Wirt's Third Leg 2 times out of 3. Goodluck.
Last edited by Uchur on 2019/10/14 (Patch 1.13.2) | If you still can't find the right place or how to get there here is how you do it : First move to 63.63 and then swim all the way down to around 60.86. The treasure is located exactly at 54.95. And for the love of god, do NOT die because you are gonna do a looooong run back from Gadzetzan. Use stealth or stay away from the turtles if you are low level. Now let's say you are ok and safe now and standing at the right point and you can open the treasure. Immediately when you try to open it and the "opening " bar fills full, around 8-10 pirates will come, in groups of 2. Me , as a warrior, i used retaliation to counter all mobs but it just wasn't enough. You MUST run As fast as possible to any safe direction. After that , try to pull very carefully a single pirate and loot him for the key | If u loot the key from pirates and die, u cant dig up new chest and it will most likely despawn before u run back from Gadgetzan. If u delete key, it will remove quest and map that gives the quest. | Subject: "Mast Location"
I found the mast at 54,95. | For those with add-ins such as Cosmos and Titan Panel, the coordinates are 54,93 | This quest is repeatable. So you might wanna bring a couple of those fragments! | Subject: "Cuergo's Gold"
Solo'ed this, level 50 Arms spec'ed warrior.

Finally found it.....for those wondering, you have to SWIM to the bottom tip of land in Tanaris from that area of coast on the east, lower side. 

Once I made it to the lower land part, I hugged the cliffs all the way around to the west side of that southern tip of island. 

I didn't agro any of those elite turtles this way.

Once I waited for the turtles to walk away from the thing sticking out of the ground, I ran over, gold-wheeled it, and then ran back to the cliffs, on top of the closest little one.

Five pirates spawned, 3 of which ran straight toward the shoreline and stayed.  Two ran up some, closer to me.  After waiting for the turtles to clear, I threw a dagger at the two closer pirates, killed them both, no problem, got the key.

Waited patiently for the turtles to clear once again, ran over and opened the chest.

I received from Cuergo's Treasure:

1. 29 silver, 71 copper
2. Star Ruby (green item)
3. Gigantic War Axe of the Eagle (green, level 41 2-h axe, 91-137 dmg +13 Int, +13 Stam)
4. Wooden leg (gray)
5. A Parrot Skeleton
6. Cuergo's Gold (unique item; Strong Alcoholic Beverage)

Last but not least....of course I hearthed my azz outta there :) | Subject: "Map"
This quest is for both alliance and horde, The location is on the southern most tip of Tanaris, there is a beach there, you have to swim all the way there to get to it

There are TONS of lvl 48-50 elite Giant Surf Glider turtles dotting the beach, they are aggroable, but yet they don't move or anything. They just sit there.

Blizzard has so many turtles sitting on that beach it's scary.

5 treasure hunters spawn right away, you have to be careful. they are lvl 45ish.

if you run away after opening the mast up they don't attack.

Edited, Fri Jan 21 20:11:11 2005 | Subject: "One word for you all"
One word for allyall...

WATERWALKING! WOOOT
For all you shamans and alchemists cheer with me!
anywho... this quest aint all that bad.

- Pick up the all the quests for lost rigger cove especially the pirate hat one from Steamwheedle port. By the time you've grinded enough pirates for 20 hats with its HORRENDOUS droprate for 20 pieces you will DEFINITELY have the 3 map pieces.(they come dropped in little pirate lockboxes that arent locked)

- If you r alchemist or shammy this is the part where you cheer! You can mount while waterwalking. If you not an alchem or sham try and buy one, its not all that hard to make, not all that needed, shouldnt cost you much. Open your world map. See that open area down at the bottom area of the map? Over the mountains? thats where your going. WATERWALK

-Mount up and go turtle dodging all the way to the "inconspicuous Landmark"

-Open and RUN LIKE HELL back into that open area in the mountain

- Kill the one man alone for the key and go open your chest

-free green drop or higher, some vendor trash, and ALCOHOL!

-Now leave.

Really people, this quest aint bad. Just time consuming. Well worth it if you finish multiple maps and go do the quest a few times in a row. | Subject: "43 Rogue"
Completed it without hassle today as a 43 Human Rogue. Well worth it for me. Didn't even die once. This was my expierience:

I got the map fragments by completing 2 earlier quests involving the pirates in Lost Riggor Cove. I went south to Lands End Beach at the 55,94 region and located the 2 masts (I think they must change position every now and then, as none of the coords here matched).

I 'used' the first mast I found, which spawned the locked chest (requiring Cuergo's Key) and 5 pirates. After realising that the key was with one of the 5 pirates that spawned, I got it fairly swiftly:

By the time the pirates got close to me, I had stealthed (not vanished), and managed not to aggro any of them. They split into 2 groups of 2 and 3. Naturaly, I chose to attack the group of 2. I sapped one, killed the other, used a greater healing potion (about 400 health, not much) and killed the other once he came out of sap. No need for vanish, though I did use evasion. I then opened the chest, without aggroing any other pirates, and recieved Wirt's Third Leg - very handy at my level.

As for the turtles, they were indeed lvl 48-50 but as is the case with turtles, they weren't very aggresive, so I was able to move through them on my mount without aggroing even one. Also, it's worth mentioning that opening the chest doesn't generate any more threat from the turtles - they're not interested in the masts.

Worth it, and easy at my level.

Edited, Sun Jan 29 17:38:58 2006 | First, go to the spot (Lowerest, right corner of Tanaris). There you must find something like anchor with a chest near it.
Second, open the chest and then 5 mobs will appear (they are grouped different).
Third, kill the mobs and 1 will drop key. Open the chest with it and complete the quest.

Rewards are Cuergo's Gold (Drink), some junk stuff and two items, at least green ones. | I found the screenshot location at 51,91. I am using Titanpanel's chords. The area is also surrounded by level 48-50 aggressive turtles called "Surf Gliders". A total of 5 "Treasure Hunting" pirates spawned in two groups. One group consisted of two mobs the other 3 mobs. I pulled the one group of two mobs and the other 3 proceeded to run away into the ocean.

The Hidden Treasure contained 2 green items, 2 vender items and Cuergo's Gold = https://www.wowhead.com/classic/item=9360 | If the chest despawns on you, just delete Cuergo's Key from your inventory and it will let you click on the flag again. | For whatever terrible reason, this quest is worth exactly 0 exp.