# Quest ID: 289
# Quest Title: The Cursed Crew
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=289
# First mate Snellig is located on the first ship nearest the shore. He spawns just inside the hole on the east side of the ship by the shoreline. | Subject: "coordinates"
surprised nobody bothered to list the coordinates of the ship:  14,29 | Subject: "Cursed Crewmate Snellig"
First mate Snellig is located on the first ship nearest the shore.  He spawns just inside the hole on the east side of the ship by the shoreline. | Subject: "Cursed"
The box drops from First Mate Snellig. He's in bottom of first ship. | As with most of the quests that have underwater fighting, it's very easy to get overwhelmed by adds when you're swimming around in the ships. The easiest way to clear is to sit just outside the ship's opening and pull them one/two at a time. I saw a poor mage swim into the bottom floor of the boat and get mauled by like six mobs.... | There's a hole in the side of the ship towards the shore - Snellig and another sailor or two are in here. If you walk in off the shore, you'll aggro them and they'll chase you. Kill Snellig and get the snuff box.

The mobs here are on a pretty quick respawn - killing enough sailors is easy enough if you pull one at a time. Killing the marines are harder, as they're inside the ship, more chance of getting overwhelmed.

Soloed this as a Lvl 26 hunter, tanking with the pet (who kept getting turned into a ghost humanoid with a curse!)

To get the rest of the mobs after Snellig, there's a breach in the stern of the ship (above water) where you can swim up and take the sailors one at a time if you're carefull... | Subject: "not easy, not too hard"
I wouldnt say this quest is easy, but it's doable, as a lowbie, if your smart about it. Solo'd as a 26 Dranei priest, killed a few of the surrounding mobs off first, then when i aggroed him, it was only him + 1 other mob, shackled the other mob, pained him, and went to town, he didnt hit too hard, just kept buffs on, and made sure to regen/heal w/e needed.