# Quest ID: 290
# Quest Title: Lifting the Curse
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=290
# Subject: "Location"
Both captain and lockbox are on the same ship.  It's the ship to the north (not the one against the shore).
Capt. is on upper aft deck (above water) and only a few mobs protect him.
Lockbox is bottom of ship toward the front.  There's a hole broken open in the side of the ship (underwater).  You can enter through that hole to get lockbox.  Lockbox is protected by many Cursed Marines. | To kill the Captain, just climb up the rudder. Kill him and loot the corpse. Then swim around to the bottom on the west side to get to the box. | The box is in bottom of the northern ship. You can get there by west side of the ship. 14, 24 | Subject: "Insanely Easy!"
This quest was wonderfully easy -- now, I will say I had the advantage because I am a druid so I used prowl to get inside the bottom of the boat... but lemme explain regardless.

First of all, coords for the ship are 14,24. The Captain is on the top floor on the right side. Go to the east side of the ship and there's a plank-type thing you can easily walk up. I didn't even prowl up there. Pulled him with Insect Swarm and he came alone. Fought him right there on the plank. Simple as pie!

Next, you need to get to the very bottom of the ship (underwater, mind you) to open the lock box. Go to the north side of the ship (swim around) and at the bottom you'll see a hole in the side of the ship. That's where you need to enter. Facing in that direction, the lockbox will be on the right, but pretty much right in front of you. To the left are two cursed marines.

If you have stealth, hang a right. You can then unstealth and carefully inch your way to the lockbox and open it without aggroing ANYONE. Then restealth and swim back out and you're home free.

If you don't have stealth, you can easily grab that first sailor. I highly doubt the second will aggro, although I have not tested this. Even if the second one does aggro, you're only facing two mobs. Hope this helps. :D | The chest in at the bottom of the boat the Captain is on. Its a bit tricky to get there through the boat. The easiest way is through a hold underwater on the bottom side of the boat. It is the northern most boat. | Subject: "Some basic info"
The captain is a level 30 mob, and spawns above the hold in the eastern part of the ship. With 2-3 people a very easy kill. You can fight here withough being under water, which is nice.

After killing the captain you need to clear to the front of the ships hold to get to the chest. This is done by dropping through the hole in the deck in teh captain's room (among other access points).

We did this by pulling the mobs 1-2 at a time back to the captains room, so we could kill them there without worrying about breath issues. Once most of the route to the chest was cleared we moved to the chest, killed the last two mobs, and all looted. | Subject: "Picture and Location"
Approach from (14, 23), which is the southwestern side of the ship.  Swim all the way to the bottom and look through the gaping hole in the ship's side and see it:

http://i2.tinypic.com/ve5bfb.jpg

Carefully pull and kill marines/sailors and then retreive the lockbox. | Subject: "Solo tips"
First of all you NEED the quest scrolling mod. The one that makes the quest text appear instantly. With that, no matter what class you are, you can do it.

The person you need to kill to get the key off of it on the Northern boat on the Northern side. He is level 30 but you can pull him on his own (if you walk up the plank of wood on the North side). Kill him using whatever cooldowns or items you need.

The lockbox you have to open with the key is on the same ship. Swim below the surface to the bottom (so you are touchig the ground). On the Western side of that boat, all the way to the bottom, a small chunk of the boat is missing. This is a convineant hole which you can see the lockbox through. There are far too many enemies surrounding it to kill (you may not see them because they are tranparant) but you can still do it.

Check your breath (don't want to drown). Swim in the hole (try not to get stuck on it) and get the lockbox, quickly. THE LOCKBOX DOESN'T NEED TO BE OPENED. It doesn;t matter that 10 or so level 27s are smacking away at you, you wont get interupted (as there is nothing to interupt). Just right click the lockbox and keep hitting continue, complete quest or accept. When you have accepted the quest, die outside the boat (so you can ressurect).

Edit: I'll just note that I did this easily as a 27 druid without stealthing. | Subject: "The Box"
The Box is 14.25 (Wetlands) in the boat.
(Under the boat) | Subject: "ERm... I did it as a warlock w/o stealth really easy."
Walk up the tiller thing in the back. Gank the Captain.

Go to the side of the boat... agro the two. Kill them. Inch your way into the boat untill you are JUST close enough to loot it. And do so.

And you're done.