# Quest ID: 2902
# Quest Title: Woodpaw Investigation
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2902
# 71, 55 on a crate. | For people without coor mod check this out https://www.wowhead.com/classic/object=142195 (click on map to increase size). It shows clearly where it is. | Subject: "by the bonefire on the mound"
its on a crate on a mound u can tell its there because the other camps have campfires and this 1 has a bonefire its gaurded by 5 or 6 peeps but u can pull 1 or 2 at a time so its quite easy.

TIP: dont try to pull em all at once
TIP: look for the bonefire :D

have fun looking! | Note for stealthers -- Druids and Rogues:
You DO need to open this to complete the quest.. it has a 3 or so second timer that gets canceled when damaged so you can't just stealth in and complete it, you need to clear the mobs around it to complete the quest from it and get the new one. | Subject: "Location"
I also found them here. | Subject: "Location of Battle Plans"
To provide further data to this frustrating quest, I just found it at 72,56. | Subject: "Where"
The plans are on top of a crate in the first camp you come to that has an "alpha" in it, south of the little lake.

The little lake is southwest of Camp Mojache. | Subject: "coords"
71.55 | Subject: "meh"
71.7, 55.9 | Subject: "<Blank>"
I found the battle plans at 72,56 on a crate. Make sure you actually go to the right camp in 72,56. The camps are close together so you gotta be careful. It's especially hard since you're always having to fend off the Woodpaw that aggro you. But the paper is right there, plain as day, on top of the crate. | Subject: "It is there...just hard to see!"
The correct coords are: 71,55

The paper is hard to see as it sits flat on a crate near an Alpha, a Mystic, and two Reavers.
(I didn't see it the first few times either!)
Pull the Reavers one at a time and tag the Mystic with the Alpha.
Look REAL close and you will see the paper on the crate, but you have to be standing right next to it to see it.
Good luck!