# Quest ID: 2932
# Quest Title: Grim Message
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2932
# Even though you pick this up in STV, the quest takes place in the Hinterlands (you get there through Hillsbrad if you haven't already). Any of the Witherbark troll villiages work. If you can't find one 29,58.

To do this quest, kill 20 trolls. There is a 100% drop rate and you'll get a Witherbark Skull. Once you've gathered the skulls (you need 20), right click on the Pike that was given to you to "Use". It'll make a new pike with the heads on it. Go inside one of the villages and right-click on the new pike and you should get your (Complete).

Most of the village areas have at least one patrol, and the way the stones and walls are setup it's hard to see soemtimes. You can easily get a pull of 3 or 4 if you're not careful. Also be advised that the alliance base is pretty close by so on a PvP server keep an eye out for alli as you'll probably see at least one or two while questing.

Quest mobs are 41-43. | Subject: "Information"
The troll camp Hiri'watha is at 32,58 in Hinterlands. You need to gather 20 Witherbark Skulls (I got 1 skull from every whitherbark troll kill) and then right-click Nimboya's Pike which was provided to you from quest giver. Your toon then puts the skulls and pike together and you create Nimboya's Laden Pike. Right-click the pike inside Hiri'watha camp and quest is complete. | Subject: "Great quest (solo as lvl 42 druid)"
I did this quest entirely around one village, which is just south-east of the Alliance outpost Eagle's Nest (around coords 19-21, 55 -- sorry, didn't check while I was there).  The mobs around the village (wolves, eagles) are all range 40-42, as are the trolls you have to snuff.

It's not very hard to pull one at a time, even when you're working your way into the center of the village to plant the spear.  One useful note : the Zealots don't pull a runner when they get low on health; the other trolls will.  And, final bonus, the trolls drop tons of stuff -- each one dropped at least money and a skull (skull drop rate 100%), plus other stuff like mageweave, wildvine, troll sweat, mojo, etc. 

I was rested when I did this, and the total kills plus quest XP (3450) was over 10,000. | Subject: "31,57"
I placed my pike at 31,57.  That camp is the only one it works at.  Ignore all these stupid posts. | Subject: "Nimboya's Pike"
First, this quest is not too hard if you are lvl 40 or higher, but I had never been to The Hinterlands before and let me tell you, the path is not obvious. I confused these Witherbark trolls with the ones south of Hammerfall.

Get to Tarren Mill and then walk south-east towards Durnholde Keep. The "not-so-obvious" path to the Hinterlands begins just behind the keep (north of the Keep). It's just grass at first but as you head north it will turn into a normal path. There are two giant birds that you can sneak around to gain access to the path, I killed them and they didn't drop anything interesting.

Eventually you will discover the Hinterlands. Don't stay on the path too long, you don't want to head into Aerie Peak if you aren't Alliance. Just south-east of Aerie peak is the Witherbark village called Zun Watha. I walked right in after killing the trolls and it still didn't show onthe map. There is another village (Hiri' Watha) further on but this one will do fine. Plenty of trolls, easy enough to kill and get your 20 skulls fast. Funny thing is that the skulls didn't trigger a counter so keep an eye on your count and when you get 20, click on either the skulls or the Nimboya's Pike in your inventory (I forget which) and then it will create the Pike that you have to place. Walk just inside the village and click on the newly created Pike and it will complete the quest, then you are off to see Nimboya as stated in the quest details. | Subject: "Another quest starts in the village"
While you're in the village in The Hinterlands killing the trolls, don't forget to use the venom bottles on the table - they start a new quest sequence. | Fun trivia: completed this quest today on Classic, by bad luck my character was RIGHT on the spot the Pike is scripted to be planted, which resulted on me getting stuck / impaled by the Pike without any way to move.

Luckily the Pike despawn after a few minutes, so just "hang in there" or use your HS. | I got stuck inside of the pike when I placed it, had to hearth out.