# Quest ID: 2935
# Quest Title: Consult Master Gadrin
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2935
# Subject: "hmmm"
I found him in Durotar at coors 55,74 thats in Sen'jin village | Subject: "<Blank>"
It seems like a lot of you don't really understand probability.

See, there's a chance every time kill a spider that it will drop the item in question.  Let's say that chance is 5%, or 1/20.

Now, it's probable that you'll get the drop within the first 20 times you do the quest -- probable, because you receive 20 chances to roll the 1/20.  And the average of all people doing the quest will average out to about 20 kills.

That doesn't mean you'll get it within 20, though.  On that 21st try, regardless of the fact that you've already killed 20 spiders to no avail, the chance is still only 5%.  And on that 22nd try, it's STILL only 5%.  It's not impossible that you'd kill 100 or more spiders, still never having hit that percentage.  Call it luck if you like, but extended periods of "improbable" missing are to be expected.

All you can do is keep trying.  It's not Blizzard's fault that the computer rolled you up a long streak of &*!@ty numbers.  And keep in mind: it's that same random number generator that just might you a sweet blue weapon drop from a worthless quillboar.

The randomness makes the game, and you gotta take the bad with the good. | Subject: "thanks"
this guy above is the only helpfull person.
thankyou | This is NOT an elite quest. It's simply an info gathering quest from an NPC. You don't necessarily have to kill a soul to complete this quest. | Subject: "hmm"
did u guys not see the chain of quests...the venom sack comments are in the quest thingy before this one...this is supose to be about the dude in durotar.  im trying to figure out where he is.  lets keep the drop rate where its suposed to be in the right quest log comments section.  not this quest.  ugh.  someone tell where the durotar guy is, perhaps description or coords if possible.