# Quest ID: 2944
# Quest Title: The Super Snapper FX
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2944
# You're looking for Gammerita (she was a level 48 elite in classic, demoted to a just a standard level 48 for Burning Crusade and Lich King and is now simply a standard level 31 mob after the Cataclysm... nothing to get nervous about anymore). She's the only named [and non-neutral] turtle patrolling the beach from north to south along the eastern coast of The Hinterlands (between Raventusk village and the waterfall). All you need to do is get close enough to her to click the camera... you don't actually have to fight or kill her... you can even take a shot of her after someone else has killed her. This quest does count toward the Loremaster of Kalimdor (A|H) achievement.

Note that this quest is obsolete after the Cataclysm and Gammerita no longer has a quest associated with her.
Last edited by Cordana on 2011/03/14 (Patch 1.12.1) | Subject: "Location"
U can send a XX,XX all day. The turtle Patrols the coast in the Hinterlands. It's blue so you'll be able to know when you find him. He patrols on the right side of the water fall | You can take a picture of her *after* she's dead, as well. | Subject: "Taking the picture"
You basicaly need to get close enough for ranged atack to take the picture and when you take it he will aggro you, I ran and got away fine but then decided to go back and kill but nothing good droped. | Subject: "Turtle Picture"
The turtle is on the eastern coast of the Hinterlands.  It paths near the waterfall at 80,47, moving north and south. | Subject: "Easy"
Just walk up and down the coast on mount spamming

/target Gammerita

(after typing it once just hit enter, hold ALT and the up key, then press enter) - rinse and repeat.

Didn't take long to find her.

What was awesome was that someone else had already killed her, so I took a photo of the dead body then skinned her, haha. | Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
I completed this at level 48, gaining 4400 XP and an "increase" in my Darnassus reputation. | Subject: "path back up"
path back up is located @ 76,61 | Subject: "This isn't that hard"
If you find the turtle dead.. take the picture anyway and turn it in. The other turtles in the area are yellow so you will not pull agro from them. | Subject: "entrance to lower coast"
72, 66 is the entrance to the lower east coast in the Hinterlands. You dont have to jump, there is a path there.

While doing this quest you can also do the quest:
Whiskey Slim's Lost Grog ( you pick it up in Stranglethornvale). | Subject: "Exploring"
I'll post it here because it was this quest that caused me to start exploring. After taking the pic, I started running north, trying to find path up. I'm night elf rogue and had to HS from Darnassus to Stormwind and fly from there to Aerie's Peak, so my HS had about 50 min cooldown left. I didn't notice any path up so I continued north. And continued some more. Past Eastern Plaguelands (I had to swim some parts and I could walk some parts). Then it said "Quel'Thalas" above my minimap. I checked my world map and noticed I'm travelling through Ghostlands! But not by walking, but by swimming.I should've been in the middle of Ghostlands and to the south I see high mountains (couldn't climb over them, tried several times) and to north, the sea. Or ocean or whatever, lots and lots of water. I swam near the mountain base, and, according to some mod that shows coordinates on world map, at 52,19, I found something interesting: a small tower, just like the lighthouse in Desolace, only smaller. And some other ruins. But there was no one there. I searched the place, found nothing and moved on. Eventually, I reached Tirisfal Glades and could get out of water near Scarlet Monastery, can't remember the name of the beach or shore.

So, has anyone else been to the mysterious ruins at 52,19?

Oh, and I play at Vek'Nilash PVP-server. Night elf rogue named Ayami. Damn that was long text.