# Quest ID: 2954
# Quest Title: The Stone Watcher
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2954
# Subject: "if failed dump it and try again"
This one took me a couple tries here even with the above explainations.. I hope this clears it up for others.

Click the pedestal .. then the ghost will appear.

Talk to him  ( all the way through)

Once he is done talking ..click the pedestal again .. this will complete the quest.

Before you leave.. click the pedestal one more time to get the quest to go to IF.

Sorry Horde dont know where you go hehe. | Subject: ""Find out more...""
If for some reason you find yourself with the quest to "find out more" about whatever it is he wants you to find out more about, BUT the hologram has dissapeared, just abandon the quest to "find out more", click the pedestal, talk to the hologram through all his text bubbles, and then click the pedestal again.  You should now have the quest to go back to IF.

Very poorly done quest, although nice xp :). | Just keep talking to the guy to complete the quest. Then touch the pedestal again to receive the discs that takes you back to IF/TB.

Easy XP! | Subject: "Horde"
For The horde, The quest directs you to Thunderbluff.
Hope that helps | Leads to [50+] Return to Ironforge.
https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2977 | Don't forget to touch the pedestal after you're done talking to him. I made the mistake of just talking to him and going back up to Thunder Bluff without touching the pedestal after the talk. | Subject: "Easy to finish"
The best way I found is to take the side path. If you are on the south side of the Southmoon Ogre ruins there is a path that runs up the mountain and comes out right near the pedastle. There is one giant near but if you are of sufficient level you can avoid aggro and move right up to the pedastle. There is one roamer to avoid as well.

Just click the pedastle, talk to the Stone Guardian, click him again to listen to his story, then click the pedastle again to retrieve your disks. Nice easy 4700 xp at level 49.