# Quest ID: 2969
# Quest Title: Freedom for All Creatures
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2969
# Subject: "Soloing this quest"
I soloed this at 46 doing the following:

- Buffing up as much as possible, using potions, scrolls, etc and putting on my best +Str and +Agi gear
- Clearing out the area around the cage as quickly as possible, -BEFORE- accepting the quest.
- Dashing back up to the questgiver, accepting the quest and jumping into the pool below.  She will follow.  Make land between the two shacks near the sprite cage.
- Pulling any respawns using ranged attacks so they can be soloed.
- Opening the cage and aggroing any latecomers so the sprites can get away.

At this point you need to kill any respawned latecomers since the questgiver will not run away from combat.  But if you were able to clear them out quickly enough to begin with then there should not be that many respawns.

If you fail the quest, abandon it.  You can then attempt the above sequence again.  (I conceived the above strategy on my second attempt.) | Subject: "<Blank>"
Quest giver is at 65,45, on the ledge behind grimtotem compound above the water.

To get up there, go left of the compound and follow the path behind the tree up the side of the cliff face. | Subject: "Skip it...."
No, really! I didn't even know this quest existed till I was 60, I knew you could get the pet but didn't bother to look where till now.

So easy it's sad. Lvl 60 NE Druid (resto spec, as if that matters), first I aggroed everything around the cage and general area in Bearform and with a combination of AOE (+spell dmg gear helps) and regular melee/moonfire I killed them all in about 45-50 sec. Then went back to the quest giver and got the quest, I dont know if the respawn time on these guys was changed recently but in that span of time there were a few (3-4) respawns around cage area, or maybe I missed a few. Opened the cage and let the sprites out while I aggroed the respawns, they flew off and the NE and I killed the adds. Dunno where they went but I saw a few dead ones after but still completed the quest.
Of course the rest of the chain is easy as lvl 60 too but I think doing all the "pet" quests (There are like 6? quests you can do to get out of combat pets including a worg pup and spider from LBRS as well as the Jubling from the Darkmoon faire all of which are soloable as lvl 60 Druid or Rogue) once you reach 60 is easier and you'll probably have enough bank/bag space to hold them all by then, anyway GL and happy collecting!

Quest Pets:
*Prarie chicken (Alliance only, Westfall (actually you can start this quest by doing the chicken dance with ANY chicken, but the feed can only be bought in Westfall))
*Sprite Darter (Alliance only, Feralas)
*Worg pup (LBRS)
*Spire spider (LBRS)
*Jubling (Darkmoon Faire, BRD)
*Rat, Pig, or Turtle (Orphan Quest)

There are also several pets that you can buy from vendors or are made by Engineers both of which can be sold/bought on the AH also
Vendor Pets:
*Cat (Alliance)
*Owl (Alliance)
*Snake (Horde)
*Prarie Dog (Horde)
*Cockroach (Horde)
*Parrot (Booty Bay)
*Chicken (Mirage Racetrack)
*Frog (Darkmoon Faire)
*Mechanical Squirrel (Eng)
*Mechanical Yetti (Eng)

There are aslo several that are drops
Pet Drops:
*Parrot (Deadmines, Defias Pirate)
*Siameese cat (Deadmines, Cookie)
*Oozeling (Felwood, Oozes)
*Dragon Whelp (Dragon Whelps)

And of course there are the Special Edition or "Event" pets
Special Edition/ Event Pet:
*Mini Doom? (SE)
*Panda cub (SE)
*? (SE I know there are 3 special edition but can't remember and I'm too lazy to look up :p If you have the special edition you already know anyway)
*Murky the Murloc (event code)

*Disclaimer: This list may be incomplete or incorrect but not on purpose its just some reference if you are curious. | Subject: "Completed on first try"
Okay, I'm a 47 hunter and easily completed this on my first attempt.

The path to the quest giver starts at 65,46, facing North east, behind the tree.

Many thanks for the great advice in these posts.  I read as many as I could before doing it to get a feel for what to do.

I cleared the camp ahead of time, this is a must I think as there are quite a few.  I also cleared some of the taurens further away so the sprites didn't run into them.  I then ran up the path (easy to find), grabbed the quest (didn't read it) and jumped off into the water as quickly as I could.  Only two or three had respawned at this point, only one at the cage itself so that was easy enough to take care of.  You don't have to free ALL the sprites, only 6 of them.  I didn't see any dead when I was done though, so I was quite pleased.  I didn't have any damage on myself at all, my pet was virtually unscathed.

Again, all thanks to the most excellent posts in here, great in helping me form a plan of attack. :)

EDIT: Oh, a good tip is to go to your interface options and turn on NPC NAMES under display options.  This helps you more quickly spot where the enemies are.  I usually turn it off  when in a town/city.

EDIT2: WOW, I got 5250 Experience when I went to Darnassus.  Well worth doing this quest.  Plus about 5 bars from killing the Taurens. | Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
I completed this quest at level 49; I got 3150 XP and an increase in my reputation with Darnassus. | This is the first required quest to get the Sprite Darter Egg.

I soloed the whole quest line and got my pet at level 58, it was annoying because Kindal and the darters you need to save kept starting fights that they were unable to win.

I recommend getting some friends to help you, and that you are at least level 45.

Reward from the last quest is:
https://www.wowhead.com/classic/item=11474 | This quest leads you to "Doling Justice" https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2970

After you take the ring to Darnassus at the end of the Doling Justice quest chain, you need to return to Kindal Moonweaver to pick up the "An Orphan Looking For a Home" quest: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3841
I would suggest also getting the flight paths from gadget to theramore, then from menethil to Airie Peak in the hinterlands prior to starting this quest as one of the steps is on a timer. Good Luck and Happy Hunting! | Subject: "Where to find Kindal"
The loc for the path to Kindal is 65, 46. It is a little hidden behind a tree. When you are facing the camp, it is to the left (west side). | Subject: "Kindal Must Survive?"
I could be wrong about this, but I think this quest has a Kindal must survive requirement. I attempted the quest solo, followed the mass of Darters when I opened the cage (the req does say I'm supposed to protect the DARTERS after all), and promptly got a quest failed notice having wandered about far enough from Kindal to fail a typical escort quest. I subsequentally was trained by nearly 10 of the various Tauren in the area. Will repeat and stay near/protect Kindal next time.

EDIT: Repeated this today. There was a Rogue who through no fault of their own helpfully cleared out the road leading away from the camp (probably while doing the next stage of the quest). I stayed near the Elf and didn't open the cage until the few repops in the area were dead. The Darters will in fact aggro things you're fighting like a normal escort mob if they're close enough, but a large number of them just took off down the road and apparantly enough of them got away that I got a quest complete very quickly. When you suceed, the elf despawns, but unhelpfully won't respawn back at her starting point to complete the quest for you until the remainder of the six minute timer expires.

Edited, Thu Feb 17 02:40:55 2005 | Subject: "my solo guide"
Yes, I think this quest is for alliance only unless you hordes can figure out a way to talk to night elves in a friendly tone. I solo this quest with my 45 rogue with absolutely no tanking, no aoe and no CC in combat ability. Don't mean to brag here but Feralas for some reason is so deserted that I can't even find a group.

How did I do it? I simply took advantage of not so quick respawn rate of the mobs. I talk to the NE giving out quest. Both of us jumped into the pond and approached the cage. The NE aggro at least 4 mobs around her. I didn't help and proceeded to open up the cage with the key. Those sprite darters came out and fight the mobs as well. I wasn't able to keep the NE alive. She died and I failed the quest. However, after all this fighting, I was able to clear all the mobs around cage.

Now, I simply abandon the quest and reaccept it again. This time, the NE and I literally walked to and open up the cage without ANY fight. Since there is no mobs around the cage, sprite darters just scattered. There are some mobs on patrol will chase darters, but the quest has shown complete already.

One last point. Between quest is shown complete to NE went back to her original position, there is almost 30sec to 1 min delay. So just wait patiently at the ledge. She'll appear eventually. And I don't believe you need to escort her back.

It took me 2 attempts. First attempt is to clear the path. 2nd attempt is the real rescure mission. Very easy to do if you play your cards right. | Subject: "Confusing to find"
The coords, 65,45 in Feralas is correct.  There is a wind mill of to the back right of the cage if you are facing the cage door.  Behind the windmill is a tree.  Go to the left of the tree and behind it there is a narrow "path" that leads to the two elves.  It doesn't look like a path but it is.  The elves are hard to see cause they blend in with the green landscape.  I spent a lot of time looking else where so I hope helps.