# Quest ID: 2987
# Quest Title: Gordunni Cobalt
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2987
# Subject: "Wow"
The worst quest ever for someone who's colourblind. | For those of u wondering the opening to the camp can be found at 77.34 | Subject: "<Blank>"
Go to the Ogre's bases, their are two (see the map) and you will find little blue glowing things on the ground around the outskirts of the base, use the tool you got from the quest "Orwin's Shovel" near the glow and it will turn into a mound on the groud that you can loot. If the mound has long blue glow eminating from it, it contains a Gordunni Cobalt, otherwise it contains junk. The glowing ground respawns pretty fast so you can do it around a single camp. | Subject: "<Blank>"
at 78,33 | Just use the shovel near the blue glowing spots on the ground, and a "Gordunni Dirt Mound" will appear, which you can loot for your cobalt (or in some cases, disgusting ogre clothing). | just a hint - when the mounds appear after you've used the spade, if they have a blue glow to them, there's a cobalt in them.

no blue glow on the mound = junk. | Subject: "pic of it"
http://i2.photobucket.com/albums/y15/MinxWanted/ore.jpg | Subject: "Be Sure to ..."
Do this quest with:

Ogres of Feralas

The entrance to the Ogre encampment is at the top of the lake that supplies the river running south to Mohache.  There is a mine at the begining and two paths you can take from the entrance area.  The one to the north leads to another mine and has lots of the cobalt.  There are spots where you can stand and use the pick five or six times then loot the one pile 5 or 6 times.  If you take the path to the east, you come upon two adjoined camp areas.  Keep an eye out for the scrolls on the ground.  They begin a quest.  First step of that quest is to turn the scroll into the same person as gives the quest above.