# Quest ID: 2995
# Quest Title: Lines of Communication
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=2995
# Subject: "<Blank>"
Notes: 30,49
Report: 29, 46
Records: 32, 47 | Subject: "hope this helps"
road is around here XXXXX

|----------------------------|
|          LODGE            |
|                            |
| document                  |
| X                          |
|----------|        |--------|    WELL
          |        |                X
          |--------|              document

the orientation is south = up, north = down,
                    west = right, east = left

the other document is in the gazebo, which is guarded by 3 to 4 elves.
the gazebo is right by the water north of the well. | Subject: "Consolidation"
To consolidate some of the previous comments into one post, here are instructions on were they are:

Highvale Records
This is inside the Quel'Danil Lodge on the right wing. There are some good instructions posted above on how to get this easier than by going through the front.

Highvale Notes
This is behind the lodge to the left of it. It is right next to a well.

Highvale Report
Just a bit further behind the Notes, this is in the middle of a gazebo surrounded by 4 Highvale Night Elves. Each can be pulled individually pretty easily. | Records - 31, 46
Notes - 29, 48
Report - 28, 45 | Subject: "Easy way to barrels"
Barrels are in the East wing. You don't have to go through the front door. Go around the east wall of the building and follow it to the back. You will see a railing along the east wing. You can hop over this railing and get the plans. You will only have to fight about 2-3 mobs this way.

Edited, Fri Feb 25 23:05:11 2005 | Subject: "<Blank>"
The documents are in the following locations:

Under the gazebo object in the rear of the lodge.

Next to the small well, before the gazebo and east of the lodge.

The last is inside the lodge, in the west wing, you can hop the fence in the back to get to it easier. | Subject: "More info and FYI"
The mobs here are very frustrating.  They will aggro though the walls and have easily twice the aggro distance.  Even when they were green to me their aggro distance did not diminish at all. >: {
Lastly, they spawn very fast.

Ok the scroll for me for the records was in the East wing so they may move locations like in other grab it quests.

Handy trick:  For east wing entry dont bother going though the front door, go behind where the lake is, hop on the building foundation ledge.  Carefully pull one super annoying elf.  You may have to pull one more for safety.  After carefully clearing the area you can simply walk over the rail.  Yup there is an inviso ramp there that lets you waltz right over and grab the scroll.

If things go sour, dive into the lake and head to the center and wait it out to clear the aggression and try again.

Hope this helps as it saved me a lot of future frustartion. : )