# Quest ID: 312
# Quest Title: Tundra MacGrann's Stolen Stash
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=312
# You don't have to fight Old Icebeard to complete this quest so you can easily solo it as soon as you can pick it up.

Old Icebeard periodicly patrols the area, just wait for him to leave the cave and you can run in, loot the chest, and run out before he even notices you. | Subject: "Explanation"
To get to MacGrann: South of ICEFLOW LAKE, there are two parallel ridges (the lower has a cave named "Grizzled Den"). go between the ridges and there should be a way to get up to MacGrann (he's on the ridge facing iceflow lake,  coord: 34, 52). 

To Get his meat: Just behind MacGrann is another cave (GRIZZLED DEN - coord: 37,54). If you time it right, you can run in the cave and open and get the meat. run like hell and if u die, you can always rez and run again.

I was a lvl 12 mage when i did this quest, no issues.
happy hunting! | The chest is in the cave guarded by Old Icebeard at 38,54. He's a level 11 elite with about 650 HP. | Subject: "How to get to the NPC with the quest"
Directly outside of the cave Icebeard is in, there are 2 bloody corpse piles.  If you look up from there, you should see a wooden platform with a flag.  Go to the right of the flag and up and you'll go between 2 hills and to the cave the guy is standing in.

Coordinates of the start of the path are 36,52

If you play on Dragonblight and need help finding the place, send a whisper to Celak.  I'm on fairly often and I'll lead you to the place.