# Quest ID: 3126
# Quest Title: Treant Muisek
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3126
# Preferred Spawn Location (Near the ruins and ogres)
The wanderers literally spawn and drop from the sky at exactly 58.37, 74.56.
The re-spawn time is exactly 6 minutes from kill to spawn on all locations.
There is not a spawn bug when they spawn.
They visually hit the ground, and then physically spawn after 10 seconds on all locations.
There are 3 birds pathing near the tree, and 3 ogres on the building's platform that path back and forth.
Preferred Spawn Location (Near Camp Mojache)
The wanderers literally spawn and drop from the sky at exactly 67.9, 60.1.
The re-spawn time is exactly 6 minutes from kill to spawn on all locations.
There is not a spawn bug when they spawn.
They visually hit the ground, and then physically spawn after 10 seconds on all locations.
There are wolves, bears or even gnolls pathing near the tree.
Confirmed spawn locations
72.7, 58.7
67.9, 60.1
58.37, 74.56
Special Note: Edit update, there are newly confirmed timers in play that differ from the original post. If all the spawns are all up at the same time, 2 of them killed are needed to fall within the 6 minute timer rule. We have also confirmed that if all 6 are killed within a relatively short time, they all instantly respawn. If you only kill one, there is an internal timer (unknown as of yet time) that kicks in. This has been witnessed at 1 min all the way up to 1 hour. So noting different spawn timers at this point, is moot. Not because they are true or aren't true, it simply means there are other wanders up that haven't been killed. Another thing to take into account is despawn. If a despawn happens, at this point there is no timer known. Respawn, after despawn, as opposed to kill, is different. Again, there is just no known timer limit. (we have observed 1 and 2 minutes and up to 50 minutes.)

Special Note: There seems to be disputes on timers. Users have reported 7 8 and 9 minutes spawns.

Special Note: Immune to nature damage (IE: Earth shock)

Special Note: Yarol mentioned using your phone for a timer. Added in the classic release is the clock feature (which didn't exist until 2008). If you click on the clock (time), you can use the stopwatch. It is a simple stopwatch, hit the play icon and it will start. Hit the stop or record looking icon and it stops and resets. So for your benefit the timer is indeed available in game.

ElvUI users: right click the minimap, or middle click it (depending on your keybinds) and you will have a clock or timer option.

As the title implies they are Wandering Forest Walkers . Can be combined with the quests Natural Materials, Another Message To The Wild Hammer, and Clamlette Surprise (hint: hover your mouse on the links or click the names to the left to have a map of all the wandering kills, and locations of wandering sightings recorded through the wowhead client). It is entirely possible that you will not see one on the spawn spot, and I suggest before you head to the spawn spot you check the area around the spot. They have a pathing vector that covers the entire area of the map they are on.I will update and edit this post if any other spawn spots are found as precisely as this one. So far we have 3 of the 5 confirmed spawn locations.

Submitted 2 screenshots: One with location and one with the picture.
Last edited by eqsanctum on 2021/03/30 | Subject: "Location for Spawns"
If you take the road over to the highwilderness and enter the forest by the yeti's and run through the hypogryphs you will find one. Continue over till you get to 54,72 area. You should be on the left side of the ruins. The plateu behind the ruins is where they spawn and they will start their march across the wilderness. If you sit on the path on the left of the ruins, next to the edge of the plateu they will walk right in front of you and you don't have to worry about adds so much.

The only thing is and elite wanderer only spawns every other one. SO you will get one then and normal cursed tree or whatever, then and elite again. I sat and killed 3 in 20 mins. If you are a hunter spam the mana drain shot and they are easy. | Spawn-point of Wandering Forest Walker is at the hippogryphs are: if you are at 57.73, look southeast towards the nearest tree, this particular green tree that sits outside the rim of the Ruins of Isildien that has a brownish-purple tree attached to its right, is the spawning point for this particular mob. It spawns every 4-5 minutes and comes up in front or behind this tree. | Subject: "The EXACT Spawn Point Is..."
.... Here:

http://img155.imageshack.us/img155/3932/wanderingspawn3dj.jpg

It's behind the main tower of the Ogres, south of the Yetis and Hippogryphs as discussed previously. Simply run south and follow the cliff wall left until you get behind the huge circular tower on your mini map, locate this spot and wait... Mine appeared every 8-10 minutes. And they appear to drop out of the sky when spawning here :) | Subject: "Coords"
If you sit at 54, 72 all that you will see spawn there are Curse Sycamores...but if you sit at 57, 73 that's where the Wandering Forest Walkers spawn.

Trust me I went through 4 Cursed Sycamores before I tried a new spot listed above in the comments and this spot is dead on. Remember you need Wandering Forest Walkers...the Cursed Sycamores look exactly the same but in this quest it's the name that matters. =)