# Quest ID: 315
# Quest Title: The Perfect Stout
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=315
# Subject: "Beginning of the path to camp"
The path that leads up to the tribe of Seers is at 37,42, directly east of the lake beside a small cave.
Hope this helps | Subject: "Hard for beginner lvl9 hunter"
I think this one is too hard for a hunter on his own. When you shoot the first target you get chased by two or three Frostmane Trolls who shoot at you with magic and try to chop you up. The path approaching the camp is narrow, so there is no room to move about for a hunter, nor an opportunity to attack from a different angle.

I spent hours looking for these trolls (I even explored in the far east of Dun Murogh, for the stupid sap I am. It says "high up in the hills to the east" after all :-P). Then the tips here brought me closer, but still no luck. It turns out the path leading up to the troll camp is directly to the left (=north) of the cave entrance where the bears prowl around. Watch for the torches sticking in the ground. The bear cave is, as mentioned, to the east of the Iceflow lake.

There are actually two camps. The first can be found by following the path straight up. The second is nearby. Take a left turn somewhere at the top of the path and cross the suspension bridge. Turn right to find the camp. To the left is another path leading down. Watch out for those trolls! :-) | How to complete  The Perfect Stout:
accept quest /way 30,23, 45,76
go around /way 40,32, 42,78 or /way 38,56, 35,98 and follow the road
kill Frostmane Seer (62% drop rate) or take it from Shimmerweed Basket (100%) for drop 6x  Shimmerweed
return quest /way 30,25, 45,72
Shimmerweed Basket coordinates:
/way 41,5, 44,3
/way 41,4, 43,8
/way 41,4, 43,8
/way 42,5 , 36,3
/way 41,9, 35,8
/way 41,4, 35,9
/way 40,6, 34,9

Video guide: https://youtu.be/Jp88F5e2ggg
Last edited by Sipder2 on 2019/08/29