# Quest ID: 324
# Quest Title: The Lost Ingots
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=324
# This quest is a pain. Like he said, VERY bad drop rate, and the murlocs are very annoying. They are throwers, so its bad for casters. Also, they throw nets at you, and walk backward, preventing non-casters to hit them. Like all kind of murlocs, they run away and lure 90,000 more murlocs to attack you when they have low health. I'd suggest you do this quest in a group (preferably with friends or people who arent on the quest - so you will get all quest items :P) to end it as soon as possible. Better bring some underwater breathing potions or a warlock if you plan to kill the murlocs underwater. There are some on the shore, but you may have to wait long for respawn. I personally dropped that quest - did it only on my main. | Subject: "Confirming PITA status"
Drop rate blows | Subject: "Experience"
1750 xp at level 31 (when the quest is yellow). | Subject: "<Blank>"
thottbot location is 10,70 for the west camps, lots of murlocks there | There is another camp of murlocs south along the coast from the ship where you first see them, and its usually less crowded. | Subject: "<Blank>"
The drop on this is exceptionally streaky and random.

I've done it with 3 different characters and can assure you they drop from the raiders, anywhere in the bay.  If you have water breathing it helps as the spawn rate on these is nearly 10minutes.

One character took 2 hours another about 10minutes.  Its completely random....good hunting.