# Quest ID: 3281
# Quest Title: Stolen Silver
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3281
# Directly at 58, 53. | The Raptor Grounds are located west of Northwatch Hold. Follow the mountains, and to the south there will be a path marked with raptor nests the whole way. The stolen silver is at the end of this path at another nest, guarded by 3 raptors. In my experience, the front raptor can be pulled, so you only have to deal with 2 raptors. | Subject: "Raptor Grounds -Directions for those of us that dont us coords"
Directions to the grounds are as follows:

From the Crossroads, follow Gold Road until you pass the Stagnant Oasis. (see your map). When you come to the bridge leading back to Camp T, stop, turn left and follow the empty river bed (or canyon; not a cannon that I hunted for hours for!).

When you see Northwatch come on to screen turn to the right and you will see raptors area. Move into it and it changes to Raptors grounds. You can get Horn quest here too.

Be careful as Plainstriders do attack unprovoked here too. The raptors gang up in 3's sometimes too. As a lvl 18 hunter with a pet raptor, I had a tough time.

The only thing I can't figure out is how to set the darned feathers on the nests! Good luck. PS skinners will get leather here! | Subject: "Cosmos blows goats"
Geez, for all you people who's answer to "how do I see coordinates" is "Get Cosmos", you're a bunch of slackwits.

Telling someone to get Cosmos just so they can see coords is like suggesting someone get a full, 7.1 surround sound home theatre setup with 1000 disk DVD changer, tuner and amp, just so they can have a digital clock in their living room.

Cosmos is a bloated piece of crap that I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy.  There are far better mods out there...including mods simply for adding coordinates to your map.

wowguru.com
ui.worldofwar.net
cursegaming.com
discordmods.com

Those sites are great sources for UI mods. | Subject: "<Blank>"
Jarnagin you moron, they DID GIVE the CORRECT coordinates.  The exact location of the silver-chest is:  57,54.  I'm standing on top of it right now.  Yes with some mountain climbing and sneaking on the back wall behind the nests, you can get it with minimal fights.  Jarnagin's coordinates are the middle of some Quilboar camp, INCORRECT!  (Unless this chest "floats" around, doubtful!