# Quest ID: 3301
# Quest Title: Mura Runetotem
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3301
# Subject: "THE CORRECT WAY OF DOING IT!"
Alright, since I was at Camp T when I did this quest, I took the griffin to Org.

From Org, I took the zep to UC, (Optional: Talk to the Bat Rider in UC to get the flight path).

From UC, I took a small road barely west of UC which went south, followed the road all the way to the Sepulcher, and talked to Mura Runetotem at 43, 42. Once you're at Sepulcher, get the Bat Handler flight path so that you can easily fly back to UC. :) (And from there I went to SFK because I was level 23..) | Subject: "Here's how.."
Ask in Orgrimmar for the Zeppelin and go to Undercity.
Then go to 51,37 and turn right. Then 43,42 and you're done. | Subject: "Mura Runetotem"
1. From [black]Ogrimmar[/black] go east of the entrance to the Zepplin. [white](Coordinates are 51,14)[/white]. If you can't find it ask a guard where the [Yellow]Zepplin Master[/Yellow] is.

2. Locate [Yellow]Frezza[/Yellow] at the top of the building. The dock behind him should lead you to the [black]Undercity[/black] (talk to him to be sure).

2a. If you wish, once you have gotten off the Zepplin outside the [black]Undercity[/black] head south into the city. Seek out [Yellow]Michael Garrett[/Yellow], for your flight-plan. [white](Coordinates are 63, 58)[/white] If you can't find him, ask a [Yellow]Undercity Guardian[/Yellow] for the location of the [Yellow]Bat Handler[/Yellow]. You will need to take the elevator down a level. Once you have it, return outside (you likely won't have any flights to connect yet). This will make your return swifter.

3. South of where you get off of the Zepplin there is a path. Follow this path southwest (the sign should point it out for you) to [black]Silverpine[/black].

4. Contiune down that path until you reach a fork. At this point turn down the west path (check the sign post to be sure). This path will take you to [black]Sepulcher[/black].

5. If you move pass the gates on this path you will see the indicator on your map showing [Yellow]Mura Runetotem [/Yellow]positions. She is on the left side of the building(inn). [white](Coordinates 43, 42)[/white]

5a. If you got your flight-plane in UnderCity eariler, just talk to [Yellow]Karos Razok[/Yellow], the bat handler and he can take you back to [black]Undercity[/black].

Experience Gained: [Blue]1050 experiance[/blue]
Reputation Gained: [blue]100 reputation for Thunder Bluff[/blue]

Note: This quest does not lead to Hamuul Runetotem. Altered Beings lead to both this quest and Hamuul Runetotem.

Edited, Sun Mar 5 20:24:20 2006