# Quest ID: 3371
# Quest Title: Dwarven Justice
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3371
# Subject: "Where to Find the Lost Archeologist for the Dwarven Justice Quest"
1.  Look on your Map, walk to the edge of the cliff to the crane that has a chain going into the Cauldron chasm..it is near the "C" of the word "Cauldron" on your map.

2.  Drop onto the iron work and then down to the path.  You will be in front of the most Eastern cave (the "first" cave).

3.  Enter the cave, killing as you go.  Cross the iron bridge and enter the room.

4.  As you enter this room, you will see the red glow from two exits. One to your left, and one straight ahead.  Go directly across the room.  Do NOT enter the doorway to the left (which contains Overeer Maltorious and his henchmen).

5.  Exit the room via the doorway directly across from the way you entered; go down the ramp.  The Lost Archeologist is in the center of the room at the bottom of the ramp (to your left). | Just because I am an idiot, make sure you remember that this is underground in the caves, not on the top level. I was walking around those coords and was thinking, what the hell.

Then I realised what was up. hah | Subject: "Locations"
The cave is the one at 49,44. Best way to get there is to go to 48,41 and jump down. When you're at the cave the guy you are searching for is at 41,25. Enemies inside the cave are level 46-48. Hope this helps. | Subject: "tips on finding him"
Follow the other directions to fall into the hole at the Slag Pit.  Walk north/northeast until you're under Thorium Point on the map.  You'll see a big opening with a pink glow leading into the cavern where he's at.  There's a helpful yellow question mark guiding the way. | I took the North/East Cave entrance into "The Cauldron" and ran past just about eveything... Talked to the little Dwarf that was laying down and that was about it! The cords are 41,25 Inside "The Cauldron". Also posted a screenshot above. | Subject: "<Blank>"
the marking on the map for the dying archaeologist is a little confusing. you actually go into the 2nd cave from the left, in the cauldren and go further in until you find him.