# Quest ID: 3372
# Quest Title: Release Them
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3372
# The artifact is in the lava pool at the twilight hammer camp. follow the path up to the upper camp and follow it to the right. In order to loot the artifact you have to jump into the lava and stand on it the artfact. | Subject: "Location of Alter and Item"
Hey guys this is actually located in the Firewatch Ridge. Before you get to the cave coming from Thorium Point there is a camp fire and wagon, you take a right and continue up the mountain. It is ELITE! ther is about 10 Elites at the alter and you need a group of atleast 2(if the other is a healer) should try and do it with three. You cannot solo this. Then after you find and kill everything around the lava pool get on top of the item to open or you will diefrom standing in the lava. Grab the item then get the quest form the night elf in the cage next to the lava pool( good xp and nice plate bracers). Take the artifact back to the dying dwarf in the Slag Pit and this unlocks the obsidion Quest. Kill all the dwarves around the area before you fight obsidion and his master both 52 Elites. Have fun! | When someone starts "Rise, Obsidion!" the altar is not klickable for a long time... just wait (more then 10 min) | Subject: "Location of the Mysterious Artifact"
The Mysterious Artifact is in the middle of a lava pool directly west of Thorium Point.  To get there, go south of the flight point to Firewatch Ridge and head west towards the cave.  Do not go inside the cave.  Instead, look to your right and find a path going up the mountain.  Follow it and look for some more torches lighting up the path to your right.  At the end of that path, you'll see the said lava pool and the Mysterious Artifact.

Be careful.  Elite mobs guard this area, but they can be pulled individually, even the ones surrounding the lava pool.  Once you've cleared it, you can jump onto the Mysterious Artifact to loot it, since wading through the lava pool will hurt and eventually kill you. | The Altar of Suntara is in the slag pit by the Dying Archaeologist. Has a bunch of candles.