# Quest ID: 3382
# Quest Title: A Crew Under Fire
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3382
# Subject: "*sigh..."
WORST quest ever | Subject: "GM's response."
"Greetings --- I am Game Master ---. This quest is not fully impelemented and more will be added eventually. Please also bear in mind the quest is repeatable so if you wish to do so you can do it again." | Subject: "Still useless"
STILL unfinished or something. I was doing the Asharite quest when I fell down a gap. I ressed and found this q - thought I would do it for fun and to see what reward I would get.
Horribly disappointed I didn't get anything at all - 600XP when at level cap = biggest waste of time ever.
And a waste of runecloth ;)
If it isn't finished, why can't they just pick some random green weapon and have that as reward or something? Or just junk the quest all together until it is done?
U can't even loot the naga! | Subject: "wtf"
After I did this quest and only got 600xp I started it again and let everybody get slaughtered by the Naga -- then I felt better. | The final wave the crew decided not to help, so I ran far enough away to be out of combat and then went back and waited for the naga to despawn (they just stood around and didn’t attack the crew) as soon as they did I got credit for a complete quest.

She mentioned at the end to speak to other crew members (reading the other threads I found out this step is not implemented at the moment) these were the crew members I could find … none of them spoke to me, though

Second Mate Shandril – on the island watching over the debris
Roland Geardabbler – In sunken ship
Horizon Scout First Mate – In sunken ship
Horizon Scout Engineer – In sunken ship
Horizon Scout Cook – In sunken ship
Horizon Scout Crewman – 7 one on shore before the valley leading to the Captain and six more at her side.
Captain Vanessa Beltis
Patrick Mills – Fights beside the captain
Alexandra Blazen – Fights beside the captain
Lindros – Fights beside the captain | Subject: "Very easy AoE"
I found these guys by accident while exploring the beaches and the quest does the same thing at lvl58. Very, very easy for a mage - just put up mana shield (frost ward helps too, but isn't necessary because they die so fast) and nova them right at the little gate where the crew is hiding behind. About 5 or so arcane explosions was enough to finish off each wave of the naga, so plenty of time between waves to refuel mana. It's disappointing that you can't loot them because soo many corpses. >_> | 2019, the relaunch of classic and blizzard decided to keep this broken quest. Still 600xp and nothing. Great bait. | Subject: "Quest is Bugged at this time"
At this time, this quest is bugged. You cannot loot any of the naga, so you can't grind them for Golden Pearls. | Subject: "nothing new after the patch"
iv done it like 5 minutes ago with my 60 lvl character, gained 600 xp, no gold whatsoever and its still repeatable :) but hey , a least the pirates are safe! | Nothing, zip, nada after this patch either. The quest is repeatable though, my guess is some broken handle or trigger. That, or they just haven't made the rest of the quests yet. | Subject: "Buggy?"
According to Blizzard GM:

The issue reported above is not considered to be "broken" and should be
functioning normally. If you feel that the functionality should be
different, then please visit the Suggestion Forum
(http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/board.aspx?fn=wow-suggestions) and
post a suggestion. These forums are regularly monitored by the World of
Warcraft development team.

It seems that this quest is functioning normal.  It just "seems" buggy to everyone but the GM. | Still as others have said:

Crew doesn't help fight last wave.

Minimal XP, no reward.

Repeatable.

No reason to do this unless you're feeling completionist, but even then, it doesn't get marked as completed. | Subject: "Unfinished quest"
It seems this quest is unfinished. The Captain hints at being able to talk to her crew for further quests once this quest is completed, but none of them have a thing to say.

And yes, the quest is repeatable. Very fun quest, too bad it's unfinished and so hard to get to. | Subject: "lv50 solo"
"Soloed" this quest at level 50 (with the help of her crew).  Too bad, still only 600xp *groan*. | Subject: "Still still there."
I got lost swimming around the continent and ended up in their camp, I wandered here thinking I had missed something (lvl57 quest only 600Xp) but I guess not.
Did it twice and didn't notice the crew not helping the first time when I had help from my buddy, second time he was afk and I got stomped when the crew didnt help me (lvl 54 trying to solo 5 lvl 49 Naga).
Repeatable is ok I guess and if they really dont kill the crew and despawn at the last wave and you still get xp then its even easier because as long as the crew is helping you its easy. Only that last wave when you have to solo is hard.

Actual XP Gained: At lvl 54 I was getting 19-20xp for each naga (I was in a group of 2) 4-5 waves of 5 plus the 600 for quest complete, you should get about 1000-1200xp total for about 5-10 minutes of little work. Not too bad but still not great and would be nice if you could loot the naga that attack. | Subject: "Re: A Crew Under Fire [3382]"
20 May 2007

Soloed with 52 hunter and pet (plus crew).

Minimal mob XP, no completion XP, repeatable.

i.e. No change since April.