# Quest ID: 3449
# Quest Title: Arcane Runes
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3449
# Subject: "<Blank>"
Wow - some rude angry guy posting here. Here are the cordinates for the runes.

39,50 Jin'yael

39,55 Markri

42,64 Sael'hai

36,53 Beth'Amara

77,91 Helipad | Coordinates for everything...

36, 53 Beth'Amara
39, 50 Jin'yael
39, 55 Markri
42, 64 Sael'hai

77, 91 Helipad | Subject: "Signalling the Pilot"
If you were paying attention when you got the quest, the mage tells you to go to the hangar in the Warrior Guild, where you have to talk to the pilot.  He gives you a flare gun, which you fire at the helipad to signal him for pickup.

If you didn't do that part, you'll have to cart the rubbings pack to Ironforge so you can get the flare gun then take them back to Aszhara so you can signal the pilot so he can fly them to Ironforge...no, this doesn't make sense. | Subject: "How to get the rubbings"
Level 56 Night Elf Hunter from the EU server Nordrassil

I am writing this comment, following my having been severely confused, while trying to get the rubbings of the runes required.

Amidst the ruins of Eldarath in Azshara, you will find a lot of glowing stones, looking like tombstones of sorts or with some ancient Nordic runestones found in Sweden and Denmark. On them, is carved a symbol that remotely resembles the Nordic Rune Sig, to put it simply an "S" like symbol. This symbol emits a yellow or purple or blue glow, that alternates "occulting" between a strong and a faint glow. THESE ARE NOT, I REPEAT NOT, THE RUNESTONES YOU ARE LOOKING FOR! I couldn't emphasise this more, as these Runestones got me confused in the first place.

This is Blizzard's fault, as the quest log speaks vaguely about mere "runes", failing to clarify.

You are not looking neither for runes, nor for Runestones; you are in fact looking for OBELISKS, again to be found in the ruins of Eldarath in Azshara. What Blizzard erroneously calls "runes", are in fact tall, Egyptian-style obelisks, that remind me of:

a. The Obelisk monument in Washington DC.

b. The Egyptian Stele (or obelisk) in London.

c. The Rosetta stele of the French Egyptologist Champollion.

What you are looking for is in short terms, tall and slender Egyptian-style obelisks standing approximately 10 meters high with a light blue gem embedded near the top, not a Runestone as we know it in Europe, or a "Rune" as we know it in Europe. On these quest obelisks, there are no visible runes carved, neither Nordic runes nor some sort of hieroglyphic.

Very confusing quest, as Blizzard has failed to adequately describe what is sought. I really hope this comment will help people. | Tymor also sends you to pickup a flare gun in IF to be used once all runes are collected: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3450. Fire the gun on the helipad | Subject: "Easy 10K+ xp"
The coordinates given here for the obelisks are spot on and made finding the runes very easy. Much thanks to those who posted them. ^_^ If you don't have access to coordinates (well everyone does, just make a macro button to spit them out) finding the obelisks isn't too hard. Follow the main road East through Azshara until you get to the ruins. If no one has killed it yet, you should see Naga on a ramp going uphill in front of you, but on the right there should be a ramp leading downhill. Follow the ramp down to a lower level where the 49-52lvl stuff is and continue straight ahead until you reach the first obelisk. If you keep going East, there should be a round building on the minimap which is an Elf temple. Two more of the obelisks are on either side of the temple, one North, one South. To find the last obelisk, follow the ridgeline of the cliff Southeast from the temple and you will find it not too far away.

To get to Pilot Xiggs, I swam through the Bay of Storms. There is a ramp at the south end of the ruins that leads down to the beach. Once down to the water, there's lots of 53-55 stuff in there including elite giants, so be prepared. Instead of following the shoreline, I swam due East out into the south central area of the bay and found very few mobs to avoid out there. (Also found an island with a NE Warlock on it O.o;;) Then turned due south and swam across the Eastern point of the peninsula to the Island with the landing pad on it. You have to stand on the pad and fire the flare gun, Xiggs shows up, port to IF, easy 10K+ xp for 52 mage. ^_^ | Hello,

For anyone who is looking for a map, please see the below link:

https://classic.wowhead.com/maps?data=16:420631391500361533392551781916

Hope this helps ya all !

Cheers ! | Subject: "yea its worth it"
After you get this quest be sure to get the flares from deep end of the military ward before you head out to the ruins of eldarath in azshara to collect the rubbings then you should head to south east to the lil peninsula loc 77,91 and shoot the flare on the helipad you get 2250xp for the the pick up and 7800xp more aloung with a nice 342ac 11str 11sta boot or 12 int offhand once back in If not to mention the 10-20k xp you will prob make trying to collect the 4 rubbings | Subject: "LOCs"
These Locs are for Cosmos. Here is a link if you want to downoload it. I suggest the release version: http://www.cosmosui.org/

Beth'Amara 36,53
Jin'yael 39,50
Markri 39,56
Sael'Hai 42,64

Edited, Sat Mar 12 14:56:28 2005 | Subject: "Excellent quest"
This is an excellent quest.

The only gotcha is finding the Rune of Sael'hai. The other three runes are in the area labeled Runes of Eldarath. All four runes are outdoors so you don't have to fight your way into any temples.

After getting all the runes, swam underwater along the Southridge Beach to the small island southeast of the southern peninsula; it had an easy to spot landing ramp on top of it. I used a Deepdive Helmet to avoid most of the level 51 – 55 mobs along the way. | Subject: "coordinates macro"
You guys don't need cosmos, simply use this command:

/script px,py=GetPlayerMapPosition("player")
/script DEFAULT_CHAT_FRAME:AddMessage(format("[ %s ] %s , %s",GetZoneText(),px,py));

copy and paste that exactly then create a button macro that activates it. You'll get a long stream of numbers like 42.0032423490 just ignore the numbers after the decimal point. Then whenever someones says cosmos coords or cordinates, you'll have the function, no add-on needed! | Subject: "LOCS"
here are the LOCS for thouse Obeliscs (Runes)...

Rune of Beth'Amara: 36, 53
Rune of Jin'yael: 39, 50
Rune of Markri: 39, 55
Rune of Sael'hai: 42, 64

Happy Clickin' ;-) | Subject: "Solo'd Lv48 Mage no deaths, Important things to remember..."
The hardest part of this quest is not finding the runes or sketching them, the hardest part is getting to the helipad in one piece. Along the northern and southern shores towards there, there are lv53-55 mobs both on the shore and in the water...and lv55 murlocs that will resist a hell of a lot and chase you a long way.

The waters around the helipad are full of mobs. Always go via where the mobs are furthest away from it so by the time you get there they will turn back.

Whether you choose to go by water or land KEEP moving when aggro'd eventually they will turn back after a while. If you stay to fight you'll probably die from surrounding mobs joining in.

If you choose to go by land to get as close to the helipad as possible before the water, beware of the elite Giants. They may be slow and you can outrun them but they hit very very hard.

Lastly don't fall off the cliff where the runes are, because you will need to go all the way round to get back up via the north part of the map which is festering with lv53-55 mobs and several elites very near each other.

Last few hints: use your mount a lot, healing, swimming and running potions will definately save your life!

Best of luck, the quest isn't tough but trying stay alive heading the helipad will be.

Beth'Amara 36,53
Jin'yael 39,50
Markri 39,56
Sael'Hai 42,64

Helipad: 77,91

PS. Remember to get the signal flaregun before you leave IF, you will need it for the helipad. | Subject: "Fuselighter"
This quest screwed me up too, I should have read the threads before I started it.  Okay, getting the rubbings is cake, the island wasn't too difficult to find either.  HOWEVER before you leave on this quest, go to the Mystic Ward (TO the Ward, not IN the Ward!).  If you're facing the steps to the Mystic Ward from the Water Pit area, look to the right any you'll see an undesignated building (No signs outside).  Inside that building is a Dwarf named Tymor standing upstairs, he'll give you the quest to talk to Fuselighter in the Military Ward to get the flare gun to be picked up from the small island after you get the rubbings.

Good luck folks.