# Quest ID: 351
# Quest Title: Find OOX-17/TN!
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=351
# The location of the chicken is 60, 64. | I'm going to post this message on all three of these "Find" quests, just in case someone doesn't see it on one of the other two.

If you plan to do these quests in a group (which is very helpful, as any escort quest) everyone must first have completed the "Find" part of the quest, which means you have to find the chicken, choose "Complete" and then be *offered* the next part of the quest, which is the actual escort part. But do not accept this part until everyone has done the "Find" part, otherwise it won't be offered to them as escort quests normally are, because technically you are not on the same stage of the quest yet.

So just complete the "Find" part, then when the next part is offered, decline it until everyone is ready to accept it. | This leads to a rescue quest. The actual thing you need to find is the southermost "dot" on this map: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=7784. Make sure you have another person if you're around the level that this quest is designed for, several adds are spawned at once in some cases and as a 46 mage I cannot take four scorpids with 2500 health each at once. | Subject: "Ugh."
What a hassle to find. To all you cosmo's user's the exact location is 60,65... Then it turns into an escort quest, make sure you have minimal 2 45's and you because you come to a group of 4 lvl 45 scorps @ once. Otherwise, decent XP for finding (4700) and escort was 5000xp | Subject: ":o"
I found him at 60,65 also. | Subject: "Bring friends"
This thing likes to wander into crap.

Sometimes it (the robot chicken) walks into groups of 3 level 45ish mobs.

All told he probably walks into:

2 x 3 mob groups
4-5 x 1 mob | WoW Classic macro to tell you which quests you have/have not completed in the chain to get the  Mechanical Chicken.


/run local z={"Tanaris","Hinterlands","Feralas"}for k,v in pairs({{351,648},{485,836},{2766,2767}})do print(z[k])for i,q in pairs(v)do print(" #"..i,"\124Hquest:"..q.."\124h["..q.."]\124h" ,IsQuestFlaggedCompleted(q)and COMPLETE or INCOMPLETE)end end
Zone	First quest	Second quest
Tanaris	 Find OOX-17/TN!	 Rescue OOX-17/TN!
Hinterlands	 Find OOX-09/HL!	 Rescue OOX-09/HL!
Feralas	 Find OOX-22/FE!	 Rescue OOX-22/FE!


Final quest in the chain is  An OOX of Your Own, started and completed in Booty Bay.
Run this to see if you've completed it:

/dump IsQuestFlaggedCompleted(3721) | Subject: "Take it easy."
I love how blizzard puts these kinds of quests in just to mess with us. I also love the sence of humor they have with their quest systems...unlike other games, wow is very enjoyable; despite oftentimes being hard. If you wanna complain about these quests, that obviously means youve tried them a few times, which makes the game even better. If all quests were easy and predictible lvling would be sooooo boring. To enjoy the chicken fully:

1.If your chicken won't prompt( start moving) its probably because someone else is doing the quest, not because blizzard is dumb >.<

2 stay a good distance behind your target chicken, if there's a single mob that starts running after the chick, it will evade, however if you catch aggro....the chicken will ignore you as well!

3. Have lots of pots and bandages, the spawned mobs are not random and are always in the escorts usually in groups of 3. You cant heal your chicken but you can heal yourself!

4. Everyclass has good crowd control, use it to your advantage and usually your able to solo!