# Quest ID: 3512
# Quest Title: In Eranikus' Own Words
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3512
# Subject: "I talked to blue!"
Okay,

If you can move this post to the top so eveyone can see it you better.

I have been told by blue, that you do give up the trinket for the exp.  The quest ends there.  There is no more to it.  The text reads as thou it goes further on but it does not and there is no more supportive content to the quest.

I'll honestly say, the GM I spoke with seems as upset as I was about it, and made it very clear that the quest ended there.

If you like the trinket, keep it.  I wish I had, but if you want the exp fine, it's a poor trade if you ask me.  There outa be a nice weapon, gold or something for all that you go thru to get the trinket. | This quest chain seems to be an incomplete one.

After you turn in the Chained Essence of Eranikus to Itharius and go to visit Umbranse, the chain dead ends with its completion. He will not point you to another questgiver or give you any task to complete. Though it would seem that what he says would, logically, lead to another part, it does not, which is a disappointment.

Messages to the GMs and on the forums have yielded nothing except messages that the quest is "working as intended".
Last edited by Miyari on 2010/03/15 (Patch 1.12.1) | I never knew this quest existed, until now 2019, Classic.
It is a real Shame Blizz didn't finish the questline this time around... considering the relevance of the state of the game/zones/population and patch etc.
Would be nice to see this qchain added in, along with the long-lost Ashblade Quest that ppl thought was/will be obtainable ingame. | Subject: "In Eranikus' Own Words completed"
Umbranse the Spiritspeaker is at 68,27

He gave me 2 gold, 52 silver and nothing else.  Like everyone else, I wish I had kept the trinket | Well they've had 12 years to update this.

Any update? | Subject: "Not much of a supprise..."
...but this quest is still broken at this step, as of 4/16/07

Just sayin' ^^ | Subject: "Update from Blizzard"
"More will be added to the Eranikus quest chain in a future patch (not sure how far off as of right now). I can't reveal anything further at this time, but from what I've seen it's going to be really cool and fairly rewarding."

from Eyonix on the official forums (posted 2005-08-30)

EDIT: added date | I spoke with a GM today (04-01-2007) and he confirmed that this quest is indeed broken and will be fixed sometime in the furture. | Subject: "Eranikus isn't a god"
/Sigh

Why do ppl post garbled information here...Eranikus is an Emerald Dragon, one of Ysera The Dreamers brood, he was set to gaurd Hakkar's remains after the emerald flight destroyed him, Hakkar is the god of the trolls who dewelled withing The Temple of Atal Hakkar...Now commonly known as the sunken Temple, if u actually read the quest log instead of just twisting words u'd know this. the corruption of hakkar twisted the emerald dragons set with eranikus to guard the remains of the troll god, upon his death at ur hands his essence was trapped within a nightmare...again information that was given in the quest line.

oh and BTW quest items don't always need to have a quest attached to them, and some will only drop once u have completed other quests...the onyqia key quest chain springs to mind, why don't u try searching thott for the term "augurary" or whatever the precise spelling is. | Subject: "Umbranse the Spiritspeaker"
Found him at 67,27 inside the shack