# Quest ID: 353
# Quest Title: Stormpike's Delivery
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=353
# Subject: "Actual Help"
From Stormwind City, go to the Dwarven District, NE corner of city. Take the tram (through fancy spinning portal) to Ironforge City, it comes every minute or so, you may have to sit your ass down! In Ironforge, go out the GATES (WSW of city) head south towards Kharanos, then follow the signs east to Loch Modan. Take the NORTHERN GATE PASS! Just through the pass in front of you is Algaz Station. He is on the top floor. You guys are all losers, post real help. | Subject: "argh......"
argh i am getting angry reading $%^&..... why havent anyone put any cords yet?

the guy is in lock modan (24.18)

im getting angry using so much time to just understand this. | Subject: "Finding this guy"
This is a fun quest. I completed this as a level 11 human Pally. I took the tram to Ironforge and then ran from there. There are a couple of gather quests you can pick up and even complete on the way (turning in on the way back). I also found a lot of opporunity to mine, since the road takes you through mountain passes.

Now, I was pretty stupid about this...I thought Loch Modan was a region in the same zone Ironforge was in. There is a big lake right up in the corner of the zone and the signs from Ironforge on point that way. What is worse, when I got into the mountains, the little gold indicator showed up and gave the quest NPC's name. I went through the gate into Loch Modan and it disappeared...so I tried and tried to climb up into the mountains to find him. What is worse, the quest said he is in a tower and there is a tower up in those mountains that you cannot get to.

I had gone through the north gate pas...and I ran to the outpost right inside Loch Modan to sell a bunch of stuff, because I was killing everything I ran accross the whole time...I was pissed that I was not able to get up into the mtns to where the indicator was. I went upstairs in the outpost and there he was standing with a question mark over his head! Sheesh.

So, when you get to a fork in the road from ironforge...the Loch Modan signs actually point to the south, but you should take the north. You will pass through a gate (tunnel) and then through another areea with an outpost and to another gate (again a tunnel). Just through the tunnel and to the left ther eis an outpost...Mountaineer Stormpike is upstairs in that outpost. | Subject: "Um.. ok."
Ok, here is the real deal.

1. Get the quest. If you haven't gotten it already, why are you looking it up?

2. Head to Stormwind and take the tram. The tram is located in a tunnel in the Dwarven district.

3. Head out of Ironforge via the only gate, and head along the path EAST. Eventually, and I do mean *eventually*, you'll end up where you can't go straight any more. There is a signpost there. Ignore it and go north.

4. Head through the tunnel, you'll be at North Gate Outpost. Keep going north. You'll reach another tunnel.

5. Now you'll be at Algaz Station. See the round structure there? Go inside. The bleepard is on the top floor.

He has a quest for Stormwind. Accept it, hearthy back home, and you're ready to rock. Assuming you set your Hearth in Stormwind of course.