# Quest ID: 3561
# Quest Title: Delivery to Archmage Xylem
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3561
# Subject: "Directions"
For those of us who do things the old fashioned way cause Coords mods give bugs to our comps! :)

If you start from Valormok and head along the foot of the hills going east, you will see a Blood Elf standing with a blue question mark over his head. Talk to him and he teleports you up to the mountain. Follow the path up the mountain to the tower and walk in. I found the Archmage wandering around on the top floor but he slowly makes his rounds through out the entire tower. Cozy little place he has. And he looks bad-ass to boot! :D

When you are ready to leave, head back down to the Apprentice you saw when you first got there. He teleports you back down and then you insert your own cut-scene of you riding away victoriously.

When findind the Blood Elf, be careful of the Spiders and the Naga. You can easily ride through them but they are bothersome. Also, if you are in the midst of angry Timbermaw, you have gone too far. Turn back around, follow the foot of the mountains till you see the Blood Elf again. Worse comes to worst, you end up needing to start the search from Valormok again.

Hope this helps. :)

Rot Peacefully,
Scythellia the Lost
Undead Warlock, Maelstrom | Subject: "<Blank>"
The guy is at 28, 50

Not 78 | Subject: "Delivery to Archmage"
There is a guy at 28.50 who transports you up the mountain follow the path to the tower, and there is a guy that will transport you back down