# Quest ID: 3601
# Quest Title: Kim'jael Indeed!
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3601
# You can just loot the same box over and over again. Just wait for the box to respawn. Can be found on the hill with Blood elves or near the cliff. These blood elves hit little bit hard, but can be easily killed. | Subject: "Finding Kim'jael & a side note"
To get this quest, players need to go out of their way to find the quest giver, Kim'jael (for add-on users, location coordinates are 53,22 ... he's atop the hill).

On a side note, when players try to approach Kim'jael from west side of the map (where Ashenvale Forest is located), they normally pass by Timbermaw Hold.

One humble advice: if you care about faction reputation stuff, avoid killing the Timbermaws!

They belong to the same tribe as the Timbermaws in Felwood-Winterspring border. Killing them makes them just that much harder to gain good reputation with them. Potentially a bad idea, since becoming chummy with Timbermaws can bring some tangible rewards.

Edited, Thu Jan 5 09:08:49 2006 | Subject: "Easy"
The hardest part about this quest is finding the NPC (Kim'jael is on a hill at 53,21.)

The items are picked up randomly from boxes laying around the camp. | Follow up quest https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5534 | Subject: "Kim'Jael Indeed"
This is an easy quest! Chicken @ 56,29 - Scope @ 57,28- Compass @ 59,32- Wizzlegoober @ 59,30. | Subject: "Camp Location"
The blood elf camp is called thelassian base camp at 56,29 in azshara. You need to open the boxes marked kim jael's equipment it does not always have quest items in them but they are found there. Finished in 5 minutes. You should also do the Betrayed quest here at the same time. | The items can be in any of the Blood elf camps. Mouse over any boxes to identify the correct targets. | The items are in and about the Blood Elf Base Camp, around 57, 28 ; southeast from the goblin. | You can get more serval of the quest items form 1 box.

got three of the items form 1 box