# Quest ID: 3661
# Quest Title: Favored of Elune?
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3661
# Subject: "Groundspawn"
You collect the feathers from the ground. They are not obtained by killing Wildkin | Subject: "Confusing Wording"
I don't know if anyone else was as confused as I was about the wording in this quest, but this might help. The quest text sort of implies that Wildkin Feathers are dropped off the Owlbeasts themselves. After spending over an hour hunting these fools, I realized they do NOT in fact drop off the mobs. Instead the feathers are clickable items found on the ground in the areas where these Owlbeasts reside. Hope this helps! | The drops here are feathers that are found on the ground (not by killing anything). They take some wandering around to find properly - however, a lot seem to drop around Quel'Danil Lodge around (33,47). | Subject: "Piece of cake!"
Very easy quest, soloed this on my level 43 Paladin. All you have to do is run around the Hinterlands and open up the feathers you see lying on the ground. I went over to Quel'Danil Lodge, the mobs there are friendly to Alliance, and I collected about 10 feathers just around the lodge. 15 feathers and not 1 mob killed = easy quest xp. | Subject: "<Blank>"
The feathers are red, white, and blue and contrast with the grass pretty sharply.  So, you should be able to spot them without having to resort to eratic cursor waving.  It seemed that they spawned most frequently in the area between The Altar of Zul and Agol'Watha. | Quest starts in the village that has the teleport to Darnassus, NPC is at 55,92. Really easy quest. | Subject: "multi quest,"
you should start. you will visit all the places needed for this quest in your search
-witherbark cages
-troll neclace bounty
-preying on the predator

this quest.
favored of elune
-can be started in ruth theran village in tendrasil (i dont care about spelling)
-all you have to do is pick up those feathers that are scattered in the hinterlands
-this is not hard at all.
if you pick up all you see, you should have enough to finish the quest when you finish everything

troll neclace bounty
get all the troll neclace in 23,58 where you can open the cages. you will get all you need if you kill most of the trolls in that area

preying on the predator
-mangy wolves can be found on the way to 23,58 coming from aerie peak. if u kill all the wolves in your way to 23,58 you should have the 10 killed by teh time you get there
-the silvermanes can be found by the 3rd cage, a little to the north of it.

witherbark cages
1st cage- 23,58
2nd cage- 23,58
3rd cage- 31,58

this said, i solod this as a 43 full platewarrior and it was very easy.