# Quest ID: 37
# Quest Title: Find the Lost Guards
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=37
# Subject: "For us without Coordinates"
When you get the quest "Find the lost Guards" swim or walk north along the river. You will get to a point where the river forks and where it forks is a tiny tiny little island (not to be mistaken with the huge island). When you get to the tiny island go to the northern most point of it and turn to the left (west). You should see the small waterfall. Swim past that small waterfall and go onto the main land. You should see a red thingy right in front of you once you get onto the main land, which is the first body you need to get. That will give you the quest to find Rolf's body around the Murlocs. So now go back in the river, swim to the east side of the river and go along until you find the first Murloc camp. If you swim to the end of the first camp, you will see 3 huts together and if you look a little past that, there are 2 huts together further away from the water. Look on the ground, to the right of these two huts and you should another red thingy, which is the second body. | Malakai - 72,60 (Corpse)
Rolf - 79,55 (Corpse) | Subject: "<Blank>"
/tloc 72,60 | Subject: "location"
If you have Cosmos,

72,60 is Malakai's body,
79,55 is Rolf's body. | Subject: "<Blank>"
72 60 and 79 55 | The guards are dead and you're pretty much finding their remains, the first one is to the left of the river flowing south from the lake, the other one is by the murlocs. This one is hard to get because he is surrounded by 3 or 4 murlocs that like to aggro friends. It's much easier if you have a group. | Coords: 72, 60