# Quest ID: 3721
# Quest Title: An OOX of Your Own
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3721
# In order to get this quest, you must have completed all the OOX escort quests in Tanaris ( Find OOX-17/TN! ->  Rescue OOX-17/TN!), Hinterlands ( Find OOX-09/HL! ->  Rescue OOX-09/HL!), and Feralas ((Quest #25475) -> (Quest #25476)).
Last edited by osuracnaes on 2014/01/22 (Patch 1.12.1) | For those that are not aware, if you do all 3 of the OOX quests from the random "eggs" dropped in Feralas, Tanaris, and the Hinterlands, this quest will open up after turning in the last one.

There is nothing to do really, just click the NPC, take the quest, and earn your mechanical chicken! | I highly recommend this quest for everyone who is interested in gaining a lot of XP for pretty much nothing. The actual escort quests are quite a fun and a nice challenge. I've had a lot of fun earning my metal chicken and I'm sure you will too :D | Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
I completed this at level 52 and got 7100 XP and my reputation with Booty Bay greatly increased. | WoW Classic macro to tell you which quests you have/have not completed in the chain to get the  Mechanical Chicken.


/run local z={"Tanaris","Hinterlands","Feralas"}for k,v in pairs({{351,648},{485,836},{2766,2767}})do print(z[k])for i,q in pairs(v)do print(" #"..i,"\124Hquest:"..q.."\124h["..q.."]\124h" ,IsQuestFlaggedCompleted(q)and COMPLETE or INCOMPLETE)end end
Zone	First quest	Second quest
Tanaris	 Find OOX-17/TN!	 Rescue OOX-17/TN!
Hinterlands	 Find OOX-09/HL!	 Rescue OOX-09/HL!
Feralas	 Find OOX-22/FE!	 Rescue OOX-22/FE!


Final quest in the chain is  An OOX of Your Own, started and completed in Booty Bay.
Run this to see if you've completed it:

/dump IsQuestFlaggedCompleted(3721)