# Quest ID: 3741
# Quest Title: Hilary's Necklace
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3741
# The Horde can complete this quest also, although it is next to impossible to do it at the correct level because the gaurds will kill you.

I did this quest on my 60 warlock like 4 months ago, I had to kill one gaurd then talk to the boy, obtain the quest, then jumped into the water to find it.

Easy quest to miss if your a horde char. trying to complete every quest in the game.

Good Luck! | Subject: ""Correct location""
THERE IS NO CONSTANT LOCATION. The pile of Glinting Mud apparently spawns randomly. Mine was all the way at the western tip of the lake. The easiest way to do this quest if you can't turn into a seal is to skim the top of the lake (so as to keep breathing) and look for Glinting Mud next to all the rocks on the bottom of the lake. It is a darkly colored mound that is much larger to all the little white things on the bottom. The most important thing to remember is just because someone posted their coordinates doesn't mean they will be true for you. | The necklace can be found in a pile of mud on the bottom of Lake Everstill, see https://www.wowhead.com/classic/object=154357 for location. | Confirmed in classic.
+100 with Stormwind. (110 for humans) 1,350 experience
+100 rep for (silent) horde bar. 1,350 experience
Horde players can indeed do this quest.

Glinting mud contains Hilary's Necklace (hint: hover your mouse over the glinting mud link to see a small map with spawn locations)

The spawns are random and can be as far away as the other side of the lake, to as close as directly under her.

Edit: Updated to correct rep gain. Thank you Edyg.
Last edited by eqsanctum on 2021/03/30