# Quest ID: 3821
# Quest Title: Dreadmaul Rock
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=3821
# Sha'ni is on top of Dreadmaul rock in the Burning Steppes. NOT in the badlands and NOT in Searing Gorge.

Her coords are 80,45. You will find her between four pillars. Right click her corpse and talk to her ghost. | Subject: "she's at 80,45"
she's at 80,45 | To get the Sha'ni, follow the red lava path up from 77,51. | Subject: "NOT SEARING GORGE PPL!!!"
I had trouble with the coords above too. I saw the mountains and couldnt get up there. Unlike others, I only tried for 5 min or so before I RE-READ THE QUEST! AN IMPORTANT STEP PEOPLE! It is a badlands quest and I think most people read over it casually and didnt see the fact that this is located in the BURNING STEPPES, not the SEARING GORGE, located right next to the Badlands. Ironically, the coords, when placed in the Searing Gorge, appear to fit the decriptions made by everyone here. Its an unattainable position in the eastern mountains (so sad some ppl tried hrs to get to it). After I discovered the location discrepency I immediately knew why half the ppl were having problems....

Moral of the Story: READ QUESTS THOUROGHLY! | You can't interact with Thal'trak Proudtusk (take quest, turn in quest) while he is walking around. You have to wait till he stops at the fire. | Subject: "mob info"
Sha'ni is on top of Dreadmaul. Approx loc is 80,45 if your using cosmos. If your not, then there is a stone alter she is stood infront of opposite a cave.

She is a ghost and you need to 'summon' her by using the remains on the alter.

This quest leads to Krom'Grul

Edited, Thu Mar 24 11:19:56 2005 | Subject: "shanai"
she is on the top of dreadmaul rock.. her skeleton on the altar between 4 pillars.

right click on her. | Subject: "Rope Bridge"
Location of the rope bridge is 75,37.