# Quest ID: 396
# Quest Title: An Audience with the King
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=396
# The ring well outways all the running around you have to do for this story arc, well worth it, plus all the xp from the Deadmines and the Stockades. But if your doing the stockades, make sure you have all the quest that go with it:
Bazill Thredd (Stormwind)
Crime and Punishment (Duskwood)
Quell the Uprising (Stormwind)
The Color of Blood (Stormwind)
The fury Runs Deep (Wetlands)
The Stockade Riots (At the Stockades itself)
What Comes Around (Redridge) | A terrifically frustrating quest, not because of difficulty, but because of the ridiculously bad decision - made almost two decades ago by Blizzard's design team - to have Prestor "lock down" following completion of the Marshal Windsor quest for upwards of 1 hour (not to mention that she takes 5-10 minutes to even respawn after flying away).

This means that, if anyone has done the Onyxia questline recently (and if you are on a busy server, that questline is essentially being chain-completed), you need a window of close-to-60 minutes to pass with nobody doing that quest, just so you can hand THIS quest in.

Stupid. Incredibly, insultingly stupid.
Last edited by shrikearghast on 2020/03/24 | This chain is definitely one of the best quest chains in the entire game. The ring is good too. | Subject: "<Blank>"
To the person who talked to the GM:

The king has not moved location.

He is the Missing Diplomat, trapped on Altraz Island. His son is now king.

Since the son is now king, Lady Katrana speaks for him. | I ran through this line (still need the duskwood and redridge parts), but want to put a little clarity here.

The quest tells you to speak to "King Varian Wrynn". A search here for that King does not find you anything.

When you get to the court, you are questioned marked by "Lady Katrana Prestor", which is the NPC you need to speak to for this quest. She tells you that the King is away on "...a diplomatic mission...".

She gives you the ring, 3750 XP, and 500 (non human) Rep points with Stormwind. | Subject: "Turning in the Quest"
The Onyxia quest must have recently started if you can't turn the quest into Lady Katrana.  Wait a few hours or an hour after Onyxia is defeated and you can turn it in easy. | The ultimate reward for this quest chain is  Seal of Wrynn, an incredible twinking or levelling ring. The entire chain rewards a ton of XP and has you visiting multiple instances and zones. Twinks would be best to commence this long chain as soon as is practicable, at level 16, and of course you'll need some buddies to carry you.
 The Unsent Letter - a drop from Edwin VanCleef in The Deadmines, who might also drop  Cape of the Brotherhood,  Cruel Barb or  Blackened Defias Armor if you are really lucky!
 Bazil Thredd - back in Stormwind City
 The Stockade Riots in the The Stockade. Hopefully  Prison Shank,  Iron Knuckles or  Jimmied Handcuffs also dropped for you!
 The Curious Visitor in Stormwind City
 Shadow of the Past
 Look to an Old Friend
 Infiltrating the Castle
 Items of Some Consequence which takes you to Elwynn Forest and elsewhere for  Silk Cloth
 The Attack! in Stormwind City
 The Head of the Beast
 Brotherhood's End
 An Audience with the King
Congratulations! A ton of XP, reputation and a very nice ring indeed! | Subject: "Long quest chain"
I disagree with the previous poster.  I completed this quest series at level 24.  I had help along the way, but that's how you maximize your quest rewards.  Not only did I get a ring that is somewhat helpful to me as a caster (gnome/mage), but I got 3750 XP, which bumped me to level 25.  All in all, I thought it was a very long, but rewarding quest chain.

I do wish that Thottbot would get the quests from "The Attack!" to "An Audience with the King" appended to the nine-step Defias/Van Cleef quest chain.  They are all part of the same series. | Can't turn this in if someone has Onyxia attunement quest active which summons Onyxia right in the middle of that room.