# Quest ID: 4120
# Quest Title: The Strength of Corruption
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4120
# Subject: "LOC"
Angerclaw Grizzly  around loc 49,13 (north of felwood) and 56,11.

Felpaw Ravager (a little south of there) loc 52,16 and around that (attention that there are felpaw scavenger too) | Subject: "It's alot easier than those locs --"
Really guys, this quest shouldn't take you more than 15mins, depending on how fast you can kill.  There should be no searching and hunting for either one of these creatures at multiple locations.

Zone into "Felwood" -- And open up your map.

Look to the north and you will see "Irontree", which you'll see a crater like indentation.  Above it you will see Felpaw woods.

Above the Crater, where it says Irontree.. on themap.. there is a semi circle.. a decently large area.  Start on the left hand side of that and follow that semi circle all the way around, and you will never run out of your mob type.  If you get done with bears and need wolves, keep on going around.

This is a "locless" description.

Just above the crater, the land level above it, between the road and the crater... Follow that area around to your right.  You shouldn't have to turn around to finish.

Many more than a dozen of each mob before you finish.

Good luck,.. | For those who like coords, they are around 56,23. | Subject: "Reward"
5100xp at level 52. Did not lead to another quest. | Subject: "Felpaw Ravager's"
I found most of my Felpaw's near 56,10 a large spawn of them it seemed.