# Quest ID: 4131
# Quest Title: The Woodpaw Gnolls
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4131
# Subject: "Loc"
73,56 | Subject: "My definitive walkthrough of the quest"
Calling this one of the worst quests in WoW will be an understatement. This is THE worst quest I encountered in my first 45 levels of playing. The description of the quest is vague and this thottbot page contains a lot of misleading information although there are also correct pointers. So here it goes as recent as May 2006.

Before I begin, I really need to vent last night frustration. I spent a grand total of one whole hour searching for this stupid "evidence". Considering the xp rewarded, that is like 2800 xp for an hour play. Pretty pathetic. I read somewhere that this quest chain leads to a nice dagger reward, well I really hope that's the case.

Before I jump into details, let me clarify some misleading information mentioned above. I actually do not consider them errors because game settings might be readjusted from several months ago. And I don't think it's a spawn randomly at any Gnoll camps because even after I click on the thing, it didn't disappear so I assume anyone with the quest can still click on it.

misleading info #1: "it's a bag." Let me clarify. No, it does not look like a bag. You can argue it looks like a sack. Or I simply refer it as a medium-size-tree-trunk-looking kinda thing.

misleading info #2: "it is hanging from a tree." No, it does not hang from a tree at least not in my case. It's more like the sack thing is leaning against the side of tree. If you are looking for a bag hanging from a branch of those small trees, it's not. The sack is at the side of one of those huge trees.

misleading info #3: "The camp with bag is at the trees where lights shatter through." This piece of info is the very reason I spent helpless 30 min circling those trees with lights coming through. NO, the camp is NOT there. Gnoll camps that are set up near trees where lights shatter are southeast of that lake. The real camp is straight south of the lake. 

misleading info #4: "The camp is on a plateau against a tree." This piece of info is actually correct, but if you notice, ALL camps are on a plateau somewhat near a tree. So this info alone is not sufficient.

misleading info #5: "The camp has a distinct feature that is it has a cage." Again, 50% of gnoll camps have one or 2 cages.

Now, the correct steps:

1. Like most of comments above mentioned, get yourself positioned at the "finger tip" of the lake. The lake looks a like a hand with a finger sticking out, so get yourself at the finger tip of the hand.

2. Now, face direct south. Not southeast, but straight south.

3. Now, walk straight south. The trees with lights shatter through should be on your distant left-hand side. Now you should be able to walk to the bottom of a huge tree. On your right-hand side there is a gnoll camp against this huge tree.

4. If you climb up the plateau, the sack thing is next to the first gnoll you will encountered. This first gnoll can be killed without aggro additional gnolls. So you can kill him and click on the quest thing.

Two excellent pictures are posted by HuntehKy several months ago. Now, I'll re-post the picture links.

http://img201.imageshack.us/img201/7854/dyrn7sz.jpg
http://img201.imageshack.us/img201/2708/dyrn22ou.jpg

The quest is an instant click so you can literally click on it and run. But the mobs near it can be single pulled and killed, so I see no reason why you want to use "hit and run" strategy.

Hope this helps! | It's at 73,56 - But don't be thrown off by the tree nearby with all the shafts of light coming out of it. | Subject: "OMG! PICTURES!"
Hope These helps...
http://img201.imageshack.us/img201/7854/dyrn7sz.jpg
http://img201.imageshack.us/img201/2708/dyrn22ou.jpg | Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
2800 XP plua an "increase" in my Darnassus reputation; completed at 47. | Subject: "CONFIRM"
IT IS 73,56. THE CAMP UP ON A SMALL PLATEAU A SHORT DISTANCE EAST OF A CAMP FIRE.