# Quest ID: 4135
# Quest Title: The Writhing Deep
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4135
# Spiral entrance is at 73, 63. Go to the bottom of the spiral, point yourself southwest and go in that cave. Stay to the right till you come to a room with 3 bugs and a Zukk'ash Pod in the middle. You'll have to attack the pod to set him free. | Subject: "Pictures"
First of all, thanks for all the helpful directions.  Figured I'd add some pictures to help show where I found this:

Shows the area where the cave is:

http://i9.photobucket.com/albums/a89/veruka_247/pic1.jpg

Make a right into the first cave you come to as you spiral down.

The red dot is the entrance of the cave, and the blue dot is where I found the pod:

http://i9.photobucket.com/albums/a89/veruka_247/pic2.jpg | Subject: "Read Here for Solution!"
What a mess, so little help given over so many posts.

Completing this quest is very simple and you can solo this quest easily.:

Go to the Writhing Deep (roughly 75,60, SW of Camp Mojache).

Enter the most South Western cave (thanks to a previous poster), this cave has two tunnels which lead to to main chambers the whole cave is pretty small. The mobs are no challenge for the level of quest and you can solo them all.

The coccoon is at 73,61, in the centre of the round chamber, click on it to open (you will see an attacking animation). They guy will come out and will tell you he will stealth his way back. Congrats you've done it.

Darkheart | Subject: "location"
here it is, plain and simple:
http://i19.photobucket.com/albums/b192/christiei/cocoonquest1.jpg
when you jump down on the bottom level of the cave, face the way my character is facing on the minimap.

head toward the side i have circled. you can't miss it! | Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
3050 XP and an "increase" in Darnassus reputation at level 47. This leads to another quest, "Escaping the Hive". That's the quest where you escort the NPC from the insect hive - for me, like for many others, it was broken - no NPC appeared.

Edited, Sun Feb 20 22:00:30 2005 | Subject: "just did it"
i just did it, at first i couldn't find it. but the entrance is at location 73,63. drop to the bottom and go into the southwest entrance then turn right at the branch. easy easy, solo'd it. | Subject: "level 45 hunter solo'ed"
The hive is at 74,62 according to cosmo's. You spiral down into the hive and enter the very first entrance you come to. The one at the top of the spiral. When your inside you will be at a Y turn right. Follow the path down till you come to another Y turn left the pod will be just ahead. Beware there is a tunneler and a stinger there. you will need to kill these ones then in the area with the pod are 3 level 45 tunnelers. I found it easier to pull these one a time. I did this as a level 45 hunter solo it was hard but not impossible. | Subject: "Confirmation"
Entrance to the Writhing Deep:
73,63
It is a big bug-base with a spiraling path.

Take the spiral path all the way to the VERY bottom.  At the bottom there are two caves, one on the northeast, the other on the southwest.

Enter via the Southwest Cave.

A short distance ahead the tunnel forks.

Go RIGHT.

It's the big squishy thing in the center of the room.  Kill the bugs, free the elf, he'll vanish, then Heartstone out. | Subject: "The quest is NOT bugged"
The quest is NOT bugged.

A GM said, and I quote, that the quest is NOT bugged, but that it is just very intuitivly unclear.  Very poorly explained.  As such, he was unable to clear alot about it.  However, by trying this quest for over 4 hours.  Reading all kinds of reports on it, I am very, very likly to assume this.

The cocoon is either where it's supposed to be, or it's not.  That is, 73,63, I believe.  I have not seen the location for myself, but anyone who's completed it says that 73,63 is where the cocoon will be.  However, the quest is some kind of escort quest (also mentioned in the forums about it). 

This escort quest can only be done by ONE person on the ENTIRE server at ANY time.  This is directly from the text of the GM.  These would corroborate why, when the server is just reset, that it has worked for some people. 

For instance on Bloodscalp, some newb has left the quest open for 2 days+ now.  So I just bought a 3g bag, and ground the exp.

Good luck if they ever fix it.

P.S.

"They are working dilligently to express the wording of the quest in a better language so it appears clearer, and is able to be completed more often."

(Talked to GM for like 20 minutes)