# Quest ID: 4293
# Quest Title: A Sample of Slime...
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4293
# All the oozes and slimes I encountered had 100% drop rate for the samples. I gathered 20, just to be on the safe side, and had more than enough.

Back in UC, there are two testing bowls on the table. Use the green one for the Un'Goro samples, and the red one for the Felwood samples. | Once you have enough samples for the quest, test your remaining samples. Between the two testing quests, I managed to pull out some decent herbs and a stack of Superior Healing Potions.

After you turn in the quest, you can no longer use the testing equipment. | Subject: "20 samples - barely enough"
Got 20 samples and as I returned to UC to check them I barely got the 5 items needed... Had no spare samples afterwards.
Based on my experience I'd recommend to get at least 30.

[edit]
Btw... the duplicate item message appears because you haven't "opened" the analyzed sample. A sample from the slimes turns into an analyzed sample. Then you open the analized sample and check if the needed quest item is in there. | Subject: "Silly WoW"
I took 29 samples to the UC and here's what I got:

5 Decomposed Boots
2 Raw Black Truffles
3 Slimy Ichors
3 Extinguished Torches
2 Large Slimy Bones
3 Lifeless Skulls
13 Broken Arrows
1 Strangekelp
4 Gelatinous Goos
1 Moonberry Juice
1 Arthas' Tears
0 Quest Items

I don't like this quest. | Subject: "No bug"
There is no bug, gravedanger has just ridden too many short buses.  I just completed both of these and ran into no problems.

While the Un'Goro samples took more than the Felwood, it also seems to be the luck of the draw based on other's experiences.

The worst I got with the Felwood samples was 1:6.  The worst for the Un'Goro was 1:10.  I ended out using I think 15 for the Felwood samples.

Use this info as you will.  Better to have more samples than necessary so you don't have to make the trip back.

Lastly, there are some nice items yielded from those samples (superior healing pots for example), so don't turn the quest in until you've tested all the samples.  After you turn the quest in, the bowls on the table become unusable. | Normally takes about ten samples to get all the quest samples you need, but I'd get fifteen anyway just to be on the safe side. If you want to be extra careful, go with twenty. You won't need any more than that unless you have extremely bad luck. | Subject: "coords"
Slimes are at: 39,55