# Quest ID: 4421
# Quest Title: The Corruption of the Jadefire
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4421
# Subject: "Location"
It may well be quicker to ride for the griffin flight point through Ashenvale and backup the south end of Felwood. 

Xavathras is located near the Ruins of Constellas.  The confusing part is these 'Jadefire' demons are not located at Jadefire run ... They are just south of Jaedenar. 

Xavathras is located at the end, near a corrupt moonwell (green moonwell).  He respawns fairly quickly.  You can get most of your other kills along the way and then finish off the kills on the way out.  It also looks like you can jump to the south end of Darkshore.

This quest would be pretty fun for a pair of L50s ... or a single 58+ for best speed and low risk.  As a vetran 60 (all L50+ blue gear and more) its pretty easy, but still kind of fun.  Five of these things brough me down to around 700 health ... no buffs, no pots, just my armor and weapons.

They also do a fair bit of shadow damage, so shadow resistance is helpfull, but I've gone mostly for tanking gear (low shadow res).

Xavathras respawns in about 10 to 15 minutes (maybe less).  Looks like he is always at the same spot. | You can find the felsworn in several locs - 39, 82 and north.
Only the felsworn are in this area, you need to travel north to find the rogues and shadowstalkers.

The rogues and shadowstalkers are at the camp at 37,69.

Xavathras is at 32,67 | Everything you need to kill is located at:
37,69 (Ruins of Constellas)

Xavathras is located at the back of the ruins, (32,67) with 1 rogue beside him, and others scattered around.

If you're a lock, Banish rogue, ff dots on Xavathras, let pet get aggro.. etc etc. :) Easy.

P.S If you want felcloth, THIS is the right place to be! | Subject: "Re: The Corruption of the Jadefire [4421]"
Thank goodness now a flightpath at Emerald Sanctuary - makes life much easier | Subject: "Xavathras"
Entrance to ravine leading to Xavathras is at 35,67.  Ravine is full of Rogues(lvl 50) and Shadowstalkers(lvl 51 and 52).
Clearing with Xavathras is like the ravine but with level 50 and 51 Felsworn.  Best to work to the right and clear around the edge to the cliff.  Adds are on the ridge to the left.  You will have to fight Xavathras (lvl 54) and another level 51 demon at the same time.
Xavathras stands at 32,67 in front of the hut behind the well. | Subject: "ooooooooook..."
The Jadefire satyrs, are in the ruins of Constellas, just off the road to the west, near some slimes (right before Jadenar). when you get there the camp will be litterd with the Jadefire. all of the satyrs you need to kill are there.

To get to the boss (i forget his name, and cant look it up cause my wow just crashed :( ...) you have to take a kind of narrow mountain path, if your facing the camp from the front (your back to the slimes) veer off to the right of the camp, when you get to the middle of that section, turn left. you should see a little narrow mountain path. there will be (i bealive) a felsworn, and two rogues in the middle of the path, and then another one right before the camp that has the boss. (hes off to the left a little bit, by another felsworn).

this guy is just 54, nothin speacial about him, he gets enraged right before you kill him, so lowbie casters watch out ;). he was standing near 31:66 i bealive.

this quest is easily soloable.

just dont let your wow crash when you thanking me ;)