# Quest ID: 4441
# Quest Title: Felbound Ancients
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4441
# Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
At level 54, this got me 5450 XP and no reputation adjustment. | Subject: "<Blank>"
Darnassus temple of moon. /tloc 39,84 | Subject: "Prerequisite quest?"
This was opened to me by completing Flute of Xavaric

I hadn't finished the related Corruption of the Jadefire and More Corruption quests, so not sure if that set leads here w/o the flute. | Subject: "Escorting the Ancient Ghost"
After having succesfully taken the filled Vial back to the Emerald Sancutary in Felwood, I have been told to visit the Ruins right south of Irontree Woods. As soon as I reached them (pretty easy to find, just search around), I used the flute and some ancient tree ghost spawned together with sum minions.

Arei, that is what he is called, wanted me to escort him to the border to Ashenvale.

On our way back to road we had many adds, 52-54 Tree Elementals, and also sum nasty lvl 54 elementals, which looked like green water elementals and had sum nasty, stacking dots.

After we had passed the Bloodvenom Falls, there suddenly spawned 8 (eight!) Jaedenar satyrs lvl 56-58, mostly spellcasters, and 5 of them instantly aggroed me, while that stupid tree ghost hit one satyr, totally ignoring, that the rest was beating the crap out of me.

Conclusion: This Q is definately not soloable as a lvl 55 Human Warlock. Rather doubt it, that a pally or shaman or whatever class could solo it anyway.

Will try it again as soon as I got some plated backup.