# Quest ID: 4442
# Quest Title: Purified!
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4442
# Subject: "statue"
There is a statue of a guy with a sword at the ruins.  You need to use the quest item at this statue and it will summon the giant tree man.  The quest he gives is an escort one, and its level 56. | Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
At level 55, this got me 5450 XP and no reputation adjustment. | Subject: "Completed successfully"
First off, I tried to do this quest unsuccessfully three times before completing it successfully, and each time I only had to use the flute once.  After using the flute, you'll see some wandering spirits appear and Arei pops up a little ways away near an archway.  He's really big, you can't miss him.

First thing he does after you start the quest is go all over irontree woods agroing everything.  I was able to complete this part because the most he agroed at one time was three.

The biggest hurdle is as he's walking down the path just south of Jaedenhar.  You'll get jumped by 5-6 of those satyr demon thingies.  It will include one Hellcaster who will AOE you to death.  This will take at least two people to deal with those mobs.  I died three times there. 

The last time, I had enough folks helping me to handle them, but as soon as they popped, they agroed ME instead of Arei, and he just kept on lumbering down the path.  So I ignored them.  they chased for a while then turned around.  Turns out the hardest part of the quest turned into a moot point. 

At the border with Ashenvale, you'll get two jadefire demons that spawn, those can be taken out without any problem with one person.

good luck!