# Quest ID: 4450
# Quest Title: Ledger from Tanaris
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4450
# The Godsteel Ledger is outside the outhouse.
The Leg Shafts are off of spiders in searing gorge
The Overdue Package is 54,55 in Dustwallow Marsh.
Godsteel's Balanced Flameberge is 91,66 in the Swamp of Sorrows.

- SJ | Don't forget to pick up the ledger - you don't get it automatically. It appears in front of the outhouse. You can talk to him again if you miss it.

The leg shafts drop from Glassweb Spiders in Searing Gorge. The Overdue Package is in Dustwallow Marsh, and the sword is by the eastern coast of Swamp of Sorrows, carried by a named murloc. Check the links in the quest description above for exact positions. | Subject: "Quest Objects and Where to Get Them"
These items listed below are the items required for the quest Ledger from Tanaris.

1. Krinkle Goodsteel's Ledger
  -Appears by outhouse after accepting this quest
2. Crystal Leg Shafts
  -Dropped from Glassweb spiders in Searing Gorge (these spiders can be found directly North and West of where you accapt this quest)
3. Goodsteel's Balanced Flamberge
  -Dropped from Jarquia(?) in Swamp of Sorrows  (spawns near the mmiddle of the beach on the  Eastern edge of SoS)
4. An Overdue Package
  -By far the hardest item to find. Found in Dustwallow Marsh by a crashed Zeppelin (Beezil's Wreck). The easiest way to find this is to go to the mountains surrounding Dustwallow Bay (not the mountains surrounding the entire region), then to head south until it says that you've discovered Beezil's Wreck (if you've got your minimap open and zoomed all the way out, it'll look like a tiny black line on the ground when you get close enough). It's a tiny package on the ground, so just search around, it'll be there.

I hope these directions help those who are having trouble completing this quest, and those who are too lazy to figure these things out on their own. | Subject: "coordinates"
Overdue package - 54,55 (dustwallow)

Godsteel ledger - 66,62 (Searing Sorge)

Leg shafts - spiders drop them (Searing Sorge)

Goodsteel's Balanced Flameberge - 91,66 (swamp of sorrows) | Subject: "Ledger from Tanaris"
The ledger reads:

Goodsteel Ledger
_________________________________________

page 1

Greetings and Salutations.
Adventurers!

I, Krinkle Goodsteel, have need of
Those willing to put themselves at
risk in order to complete some of my
most arduous tasks. Because of my
many duties and the workload I've
managed to take upon myself, I ensure
that anyone brave enough to complete
this list of items and return them to me
intact will be paid handsomely.

The list is contained on the following
pages...
___________________________________________

page 2

Solid Crystal Leg Shafts -

The Glassweb spiders of Searing Gorge
are made of an incredible
crystal-like material. Their legs, if not
damaged when they're killed, make for
a wonderful conductor in some of my
companions' engineering experiments.

I will need a number of them to test
upon. The spiders having eight possible
legs themselves should be no problem
for a stalwart warrior or practiced
mage.
__________________________________________

page 3

An Overdue Package -

I hired someone who I thought was a
reliable pilot to bring me a package
from Theramore. I was apparently
wrong. And even though the pilot
lived to tell the tale, he left his entire
zepplin and all it's cargo behind to
save his own neck.

Well, I need that package back. From
what Beezil tells me, he crashed just
west of the bay in Dustwallow
Marsh. It went down just after he
crossed the hills along the water's
edge.

Hmmm... never did tell me what caused
him to crash...
________________________________________

page 4

Goodsteel's Balanced Flameberge -

Finally, I want one of my finest
works of blacksmithing to date. This
flameberge was an incredible sword
that I bestowed upon what I thought
was a very honorable and great
warrior. Well, he was tronced by a
murloc named Jarquai? Something like
that.

It was while he was traveling along
the coast of the Swamp of Sorrows
when he thought to attack the
creature. He failed and aperantly
fled, but not before leaving the
weapon behind for this murloc to
take.
_______________________________________

page 5

Find me these items and return to
gadgetzan with them all, along with
this ledger, and I will reward you.

_____________________________________________

Additional note:

To aquire the ledger be sure to look at the ground next to the outhouse as it is slid under the door and you need to click on it to pick it up, he does not actually hand it to you.

Edited, Wed Jan 19 13:40:43 2005 | Subject: "The ledger"
When you accept the quest the ledger appears on the ground by the outhouse. If its not there, just talk to him again and he'll drop it on the ground. I thought I never recieved it either, but you you have to actively pick it up. | So....for WoW Classic... To make it easier for those looking for old posts about it:

The ledger appears in front of the outhouse for you to click on the ground. If it disappears, click the outhouse again and ask to borrow it. It will appear again. | So you don't have too scroll down to far, in Swamp of Sorrows you are looking for a named murloc on the back called Jarquia, who drops the flaberge. Questie's icon puts him in a turtle shell hut thing at 94.50 or so, but he is often elsewhere. Check at 91.66 first as this is where I and many others below found him in the open. Level 46, easy kill.
Last edited by jfoobar on 2019/11/27 | Subject: "Crystal Leg Shafts"
To be a bit more accurate since there are three types of spiders in Searing Gorge. The ones that you are looking to kill for the shafts are Glassweb Spiders. One place to find them is around Sea of Cinders/Grimslot Dig Site/Tanner's Camp. | Subject: "Confirming Coords for Package and the Flanberge Sword"
I just completed this quest and my coords are as follows:

The Overdue Package (Dustwallow) = 53,55
  Path to get there = 55,50

Goodsteel's Balance Flanberge (sword dropped from Jarquia the murloc in Swamp of Sorrows) = 93,51
(he is a blue colored murloc standing next to a large turtle shell)

I did this easily as a 49 druid in cat form. there are spiders and slimes there (40-41)in the area of the wreck.

Happy hunting!
Shandor | The sword "Goodsteel's Balanced Flameberge" drops off of the named murloc right outside of the turtle house at 94, 52 in swamp of sorrows | Subject: "Info and Coords"
The dwarf in the outhouse will put the ledger on the ground. If you miss it you can request it again. Strange thing is even if you let him out and watch him head off and disappear his voice will still come from the outhouse when clicked.

Solid Crystal Leg Shafts are found on Glassweb spiders found throughout Searing Gorge.

The overdue package is found at the crashsite in Dustwallow Marsh west of Theramore at coords 54,55

And lastly the Balanced Flameberge is found on a named level 46 Murloc called Jarquai in Swamp of Sorrows. He is found along the eastern beach at coords 91,66

Now take the items to Goodsteel in Gadgetzan, Tanaris for your reward. | Subject: "Crits don't matter"
Just to be perfectly clear, I did this quest on March 5 2007 and kept a clear eye on my combat text and I got a number of the spider leg drops on fights where I critted multiple times.

Crits do NOT affect drop rate.

It is just that the drop rate sucks.