# Quest ID: 4506
# Quest Title: Corrupted Sabers
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4506
# After returning to Winna Hazzard with the corrupted cat, you must talk to the pet to continue the quest. Until you do this, Winna will have a gray question mark above her head.

Also, be quick about talking to the cat. Once you are close enough to Winna Hazzard, the cat stops and no longer follows you. The cat will despawn quickly so be sure to talk to it quickly otherwise you'll be doing the whole thing over again. | Subject: "RIGHT CLICK ON CAT AS SOON AS YOU RETURN!!!"
Title says it all.  Seems someone did bury this comment on the page afterall; but I did the quest without knowing this and wondered why I couldn't turn it in.  Had to go back, and discover the hard way.

Do yourself a favor, and right click cat first.  I did everything possible to try to make this stand out from the page for people looking for coords or whatever, so they won't have to go back. | FYI: As a rogue, you can stealth back out with the cat. It doesn't seem to pull aggro. | Subject: "talk with cat"
Then you get corrupted cat(Moonwell is on 31:66), bring it to Winna(34:52). Then you get there talk with cat. | Subject: "Easy for anyone"
Fight your way in and open the carrier, the cat turns into a large green cat that is very fast.  Just mount up and ride back to the road, as long as you don't get knocked off your mount by running right over a Jadefire, you are home free.  The cat follows you, unlike other escort quests, so just haul and get to the road and that's it!

Did this as a 52 Hunter.  Some mobs will respawn behind you, but as I say, just run around them and continue to the road. | Subject: "Turning in the Quest!"
Some of the previous posters indicated these symptoms as well, but here goes:

Your cat will no longer follow you once you get into Bloodvenom.  It goes and sits next to Winna.  And you will NOT see the gold dot on your mini map.  You have to go to the cat, right-click, and "release" the cat before the gold question mark will appear above Winna.

As a previous poster indicated, you don't seem to have much time once the cat leaves your side.  Someone I did the quest with was running around when we returned it and the cat disappeared from Winna's side before he realized what was going on, and he had to abandon and start over. | 1) Winna Hazzard gives you a usable cage (Winna's Kitten Carrier).
2) You go to a moonwell at 32.66 (path starts around 37.68).
3) In the moonwell, you use the cage and a cat spawns. This cat will follow you as a pet.
4) You lead the cat back to Winna.
5) When you get back to Winna, the cat stops, and you have to TALK TO THE CAT.
5) Now you can complete the quest by talking to Winna.
6) Profit. | Subject: "Appears to be bugged in 1.4"
Edit: The first time, it didn't let me "talk" with the cat at first so I wound up wandering too far away and it despawned. Second time I noticed it was letting me "talk" with the cat, and was able to complete the quest.

Edited, Sun May 1 02:14:30 2005 | Pre-Quest:

Well of Corruption
https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4505