# Quest ID: 455
# Quest Title: The Algaz Gauntlet
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=455
# Subject: "third task is"
"traverse Dun Algaz" aka continue down the road to wetlands | This quest is rather easy. Go through the tunnel and on the left there is a camp of said orcs. They can be pulled one at a time, just be careful as they are runners. To complete the satisfy objective, just continue through the rest of the tunnels until you reach the wetlands. Then onto Menthril Harbor to turn in. | Subject: "Trouble on the Algaz Gauntlet?????"
If you had trouble on the Algaz Gauntlet, and you could not get the question mark yellow... check the quest.  It says you have to traverse the whole trail... and if you did like me... and had to go back to Loch Modan and flew.... then you didn't get credit for completing the task.. go back to the point of the fight... at least... then finish the tunnel out and the question mark will be yellow... I did, and it worked fine...  It's picky but it's the quest.. You can look at your quest log and if it does not say complete by the quest, then something was omitted.. most likely the finishing the exact course by foot... to Menethil

Good questing to you all | Subject: "a trick"
This took a while with my 21 mage because I kept getting jumped by multiple guys when I made my way in to the grunts.  Then I'd have to run/blink out and have to kill most of the scouts to get back in which took time.  I figured out if you are facing the camp to the right you can go up on the side of the hill (just time the scout movements so you can stay far enough away from them), then cross the big fallen tree to the left side and get to the grunts by staying up on the left side of the hill away from the scouts.  It's kind of a back door approach that got me the last of the grunts.  Just try to pull them up the hill one by one.  Unfortunately for some reason I got to the harbor and didn't satisfy the traverse part of the quest so no clue what happened there. | 50,80 in between the tunnels