# Quest ID: 4581
# Quest Title: Kayneth Stillwind
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4581
# Subject: "Forest Song location"
Forest Song (where you will find Kayneth) is Northeast of Satyrnaar. Not very far at all. It will tell you you're in Forest Song. | Subject: "coords"
loc 85,45 | Subject: "<Blank>"
There's horde rogues stealthing by the roads if you try and pass by the horde settlement, there's also a mounted guard patrolling between the settlement and the labor camp. I found another route, through the wilderness that avoids all the 30+ stuff that is in that area.

At the river go north along the west bank. Some spiders and bears here that you can avoid fairly easily. Just south of the lake a little ways cross the river, if you are unlucky you will run into an elemental but odds are you won't. Go east and down into the wedge shaped valley and directly east, a few nasty wolves here but if you are careful you should only have to fight one or two. You will come back out to the road and as long as you keep to the right side should avoid getting the attention of any of the demons in Satyrna. There's also an alliance graveyard on the right if you are unlucky to die around here or need to hide from the patrolling horde rider. Follow the road a little ways and the entrance to Forest Song is by the road on your left. | Subject: "More to this one"
There is a followup quest to this called "Insane Druids" - not much additional info at this time. | Subject: "coords"
Anyone who doesn't have cosmos can put

/script px,py=GetPlayerMapPosition("player")
/script DEFAULT_CHAT_FRAME:AddMessage(format("[ %s ] %s , %s",GetZoneText(),(px*100),(py*100)));

in a macro box to make a macro out of it. Drag whatever icon you chose to an action bar, and just hit it whenever you need to know what the coords are where you're standing. It works great and you don't have to go download some huge add-on. =) | The coords of this q are 85.44