# Quest ID: 463
# Quest Title: The Greenwarden
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=463
# Subject: "The Greenwarden"
Take the road to Loch Modan...keep going til you come to the Y in the road and a signpost to Dun Modr...that's where there's a goblin selling in a tent beside the road. Stay on the Loch Modan road...there is a huge rock formation dead ahead. Run down the road a bit further...on the right there are some lvl 26 baddies...look to your left...there's the big rock across the stream. The Greenwarden is behind that rock. | Subject: "<Blank>"
/mntloc 56,41 | I found him at 56, 40. (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=1244) | Subject: "Comos"
Comos coordinates = 56,40 | Can only be started if you don't have  Tramping Paws in questlog.

If you already got  Tramping Paws completed, you won't be able to get this quest. | Subject: "So many quests, here's a list"
I'm always overwhelmed with quests when I usually take my alts to the wetlandshere's a list of what you should do first so you're not running around all the time:

pick up all the one's you can (best to start at about lvl 22/23 here)

Young wetland crock skins
(right of road as you go into the wetlands) and
claws from the deep
(to the left of the road you'll see a broken dock they are in camps there the first one close to the road is the area gobbler usually walks through)
insearch of the excavation
(it's to the right after two small ponds of water you'll past raptors. go to the left once you get into it up the ramp careful of the two mollted raptors pick up the omer's revenge quest too)

go back down outside the site to kill the red and white raptors kill some dont need to kill all 10 yet, return to turn in other quests. pick up new ones repair sell

kill the rest of the raptors you need go turn it in at the top and pickup the next raptors quest for the ones in the site, green and white raptors.

you should of picked up a quest in town called the greenwarden when heading out of town east about 4 inches on your map you'll hit a fork in the road take the right one behind a rock formation is the green warden accept his quest. the mobs you need are further south of the road on the same side as the warden was. turn it in and then do ooze and the 2nd part of this chain.

kill the ooze for the digging through the ooze quest they are back up the fork in the road go north they are on the left side.

when done continue past through highland raptors to the coast edge to kill giant crocks for their skins they are bt the sunken ship and the raptors area, the spawn is bad though about 6 at one time

finally turn all taht in when done and go back to kill the sailors in the sucken ship and the raptor lvl 29 at the dig site

this a breif idea of what to do you're welcome to do your quest as you please just trying to help though so enjoy ^^

ps this comment is brought to you by the sad death of steve irwin, the croc hunter ; ;