# Quest ID: 4762
# Quest Title: The Cliffspring River
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4762
# Subject: "Which waterfall?"
There are two waterfalls in this river.  One that is next to the ocean and another that is farther inland.  You want to go to the waterfall that is near the ocean to get the sample of water. | Subject: "<Blank>"
By "mouth" they mean the part of the river that opens to the sea.

Fill sampling tube by actually swimming into the waterfall (below the bridge).

Do NOT confuse this quest with the quest "The Principal Source" (Druid quest). THAT sampler must be filled not at the Seaside, but at the landside part of the river, near the hills mountains.

Fill point for Sampling Tube, Cliffspring River:
Waterfall at 50,25.

Fill point for Druid quest: [ https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4497 ] : 55,33 . | Subject: "NA"
50,25 | Subject: "confused about waterfalls?"
Everyone seems to get the waterfalls confused. Follow the path to the Cliffspring River, and jump off the bridge you pass over. That's the waterfall you want, not the one near the Furbolg camp. | Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
At level 15, I got 800 XP for this, plus an increase in my reputation with Darnassus. | Head north from Auberdine along the road until you come to the bridge at the Cliffspring River at 50,24. Jump off the bridge towards the east and you should land right before the waterfall. Swim up to it and click on your vial. | This quest is not near the cave with the Stormscale Wave Riders but at the waterfall near the sea. | Subject: "If you can't fill it ..."
I've checked my quest, it's "The Cliffspring River" allright, I'm at the bottom of the first waterfall from the coast, and I see the bridge overhead just as it sais in the quest.

I've swum around a bit, tried different locations near the waterfall and pool, but it keeps saying "Requires Cliffspring Falls Cave Mouth" ...

then I started thinking, and noticed I had TWO vials in my bags :D

Be sure to use the right one for this quest (the little small black one, not the blue one).

Also, you need to actually swim in the stream of the waterfall to fill it.

Happy hunting