# Quest ID: 4763
# Quest Title: The Blackwood Corrupted
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4763
# The demon doesn't actualy drop the quest item- its on the floor right next to him when you kill him. | Subject: "Locations"
this quest is ok..i soloed with my lvl 17 druid. all  of the quest items are in the same looking canister. Like a giant drum on its side. These are the locations

Grain=50,33

Nuts=51,34

Fruit=52,33

Pretty easy quest...so far..i still have to kill the actual guy but it cant be that hard :p im writing this as i go. | To complete the quest you need to collect three ingredients from barrels at furbolg camps. But first, fill  Empty Cleansing Bowl from Auberdine well.
All the camps are located east of Bashal'aran and filled with mobs, so be carefull. Also opening the barrels may trigger furbolg respawn so mind it.
After collecting three ingredients find a big bonfire and use bowl to spawn Xabraxxis. Kill him and open Xabraxxis' Demon Bag it's just dropped on the ground.
Tome Tome Coordinates:
/way 37.76 44.02 Auberdine Well Location
/way 50.63 35.05 Blackwood Grain Sample Location
/way 52.91 33.38 Blackwood Fruit Sample Location
/way 51.81 33.43 Blackwood Nut Sample Location
/way 52.30 33.39 Blackwood Bonfire Location
 The Blackwood Corrupted - www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0skyfDp_tQ | Subject: "Annoying"
This is an irritating quest if you lose. When I got back to my corpse he was still there (and it was a little buggy, some of the furbolgs were shifting between green and red), so I sat and rebuffed, and right when I was about to pull him, he disappeared.

You lose the bowl when you use it, so you have to abandon the quest and get it again to get the bowl again to resummon. Pretty annoying. | The items can be found:
Grain: 50, 35
Fruit: 52, 33
Nuts: 51, 33

Once you have all of the items, right-click on the cleansing bowl and you'll see ALL of the Furbies run at you, but don't worry they won't attack you. I solo'd this as a 17 druid. | Subject: "Xabraxxis"
What you're looking for is in the containers that look like large, over-turned barrels or drums. Once you've collected all three, you have to "use" the items beside the bonfire in the center of the camp. You can't do this while in combat, but once you DO, don't worry about the furbolgs, as they'll become pacified and not attack you (at least for a while). After about five seconds, Xabraxxis will appear and begin attacking you. Kill him and take the talisman you loot from his "demon bag" back to Thundris. | Subject: "Completed as Level 15 Hunter - Solo"
It's a fairly hard quest, I died twice doing it. Most of the time it was because I was pulling and then was attacked by 3 or 4 of the level 14 Bears.

Just pull all the ones near the materials away. gather those, then pull and kill as many in the camp as you can, run in, right click the bowl and then run.

Wait until all the things swarm the bowl, then a red devil looking guy shows up (level 19) yelling about cleansing camps, pull him, kill him, loot his body.

THE TALISMAN IS IN A CRATE NEXT TO HIS BODY, IT ISN'T ON HIS BODY.

Goodluck,
Unsuspected, Level 15 NE Hunter | Do not panic in Hardcore - a bunch of furbolgs will all arrive when you place the item, but will soon eat the bait and only the quest npc will be hostile to kill. | Subject: "<Blank>"
the camp is at around 50,33. | Blackwood Grain Sample
Blackwood Fruit Sample
Blackwood Nut Sample

First one is at southern camp, others are at northern.
Last edited by 16109 on 2008/11/28 (Patch 1.12.1)