# Quest ID: 4771
# Quest Title: Dawn's Gambit
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4771
# This quest is part of a long chain that begins in the Burning Steppes with the quest Broodling Essence from Tinkee Steamboil.

After completing the quest, you can return to Betina Bigglezink at Light's Hope Chapel to get more gambits to activate Vectus.
Last edited by adashiel on 2008/05/14 (Patch 1.12.1) | Subject: "Follow-up ? Reputation ?"
Is there any follow-up ?

Edit: It looks like, there is no follow-up.

Does it give any kind of reputation ?

Edit: It gives a significant amount of reputation (if I remember right, 200) for Argent Dawn, of course.

If I complete the quest, can I get another Dawn's Gambit (For farming Vectus)?

Edit: If you complete the quest, you can ask for another box, so, Vectus is farmable. | Subject: "actual chain"
1 L52 Broodling Essence
2 L54 Felnok Steelspring
3 L54 Chillwind Horns
4 L54 Return to Tinkee
5 L60 Tinkee Steamboil
6 L60 Egg Freezing
7 L60 Egg Collection
8 L60 Leonid Barthalomew
9 L60 Betina Bigglezink
10 L60 Dawn's Gambit | The first time I dropped the gambit in the viewing room I got a little tingle. I do love this quest. If you have never took time to do it you should! | Subject: "Running the Gambit"
Axe sold for over 5g :)

When our group activated Dawn's Gambit, we did it in a far corner.  The room aggros and if you're in the middle they *all* aggro on you.  If you're in a corner, part of them attack immediately and then you can pull them in batches after that.  The mobs are pretty brittle and drop fast, but they can zerg you and overwhelm if you're not careful. | Subject: "if doing quest iwth others..."
If you're doing this quest with another in your group, make sure everyone places their gambits. 

It's a quest requirement.  I let a groupmate use his and didn't use mine and now I have to go back... again. | Subject: "Prev Quests"
Quests before this is I believe
Egg Freezing (Elite) then
Egg Collection then
Leonid Barthalomew (Elite) then
Betina Bigglezink (Elite)

Edited, Sat Feb 19 23:24:52 2005