# Quest ID: 4786
# Quest Title: The Completed Robe
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4786
# Walkthrough for full questline:
1. [Optional] Speak to Briarthorn in Ironforge or Zevrost in Orgrimmar or Demisette Cloyce in Stormwind or Kaal Soulreaper in Undercity, and accept quest  In Search of Menara Voidrender/ In Search of Menara Voidrender/ In Search of Menara Voidrender/ In Search of Menara Voidrender
2. Buy or make  Robes of Arcana and one  Gold Bar
3. Travel to the Rachet in the Barrens
4. Talk to Menara Voidrender in Ratchet. [Turn in "In Search of Menara Voidrender" if you have it]. Accept quest  Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe
5. Talk to Menara Voidrender again. Give her  Robes of Arcana and complete quest  Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe
6. Talk to Menara Voidrender one more time. She needs more stuff to make the robes. Accept quest  Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe
7. Ride over to the dock and take the boat to Booty Bay. Talk to Xizk Goodstitch. Give him the  Gold Bar and complete  Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe. Xizk Goodstitch tells you it will take a while to get the thread. In the meantime you should...
8. Talk to Xizk Goodstitch again and accept quest  Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe
9. Return to Menara Voidrender and complete quest  Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe
10. It turns out Menara needs even more materials. Accept quest  Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe
11. Travel to Desolace. Farm 10  Vial of Hatefury Blood and 1  Lesser Infernal Stone
12. Return to Menara Voidrender. Give her the 10  Vial of Hatefury Blood and 1  Lesser Infernal Stone and complete quest  Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe.
13. Talk to Menara Voidrender again. Holy moly, she still doesn't have everything she needs. You wonder why she didn't give you the whole list the first time you talked to her. Anyway, you accept quest  Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe
14. Return to Xizk Goodstitch in Booty Bay. He's got your thread ready. Complete  Fine Gold Thread and get  Fine Gold Thread.
15. Travel to western Arathi Highlands and kill Burning Exile until you have 2  Smoldering Coal.
16. Make a  Soul Shard if you don't have a spare one.
17. Return to Ratchet. Give the  Fine Gold Thread,  Soul Shard and  Smoldering Coal to Menara Voidrender and complete quest  Components for the Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe
18. Talk to Menara Voidrender again. She finally has everything she needs. Accept quest  The Completed Robe
19. Wait while Menara makes your  Enchanted Gold Bloodrobe. Complete quest  The Completed Robe.
Enjoy you new robes!

Everything you need:
1  Robes of Arcana - Tailoring or Auction House
1  Gold Bar - Mining or Auction House
10  Vial of Hatefury Blood - dropped by Hatefury Trickster and other Satyrs in North-east Desolace
1  Lesser Infernal Stone - dropped by Lesser Infernal in Desolace
1  Fine Gold Thread - Quest reward from  Fine Gold Thread
2  Smoldering Coal - dropped by Burning Exile in Arathi Highlands
1  Soul Shard - created by you

Time:
At a minimum allow 2-3 hours to complete the entire quest line.
Last edited by Henderman on 2023/11/16 | Along with the good exp the quest chain will net you, this robe will probably be used all the way to the 50s, possibly even further than that. It's a great robe, has great stats and should not be overlooked by any warlock.