# Quest ID: 480
# Quest Title: The Weaver
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=480
# Subject: "Watch the patrols"
The amount of patrols are BRUTAL in this area, inside the "castle" grounds you can easily aggro 3 or 4 different patrols in the time it takes to kill one mob just getting into the building.  Each mob has a pet or can summon a pet, so you could very easily be up against 6 mobs in a few seconds if you're not careful.

Once you're in the building you will have to fight off at least 4 to 5 mobs (with pets) at the same time since they will all aggro if you attack any of them.  It cannot be done solo by fighting your way through them without be an excessively high level, which would be pointless since the reward isn't worth waiting until you're high enough level to solo the area.

By the time you're at a level to realistically attempt doing this quest you could be grouping up and running WC for the Leaders of the Fang quest and a much better reward.

If you must do this mission follow the above advice, rush in, get into the corner of the "stage" (not the bookcase corner, the other corner - the corner opposite the stairs leading up to the stage area) and rez there.  You'll only aggro Ataeric that way.  He shoots you with frost bolts and will freeze you in place with frost nova, but if you rez, target and start attacking him, and use a healing pot as needed, you should be able to take him down.

I soloed this as a level 20 Warlock (no pet since I rezed in the corner), wasn't easy, died 3 times figuring out the lay of the land.  Finally just rushed in, died, soul stone rezed, killed Ataeric and hearthstoned out. | You can find him at 63, 64 at the Ambermill town hall building with the wall around it.

There'll be 3-4 other Dalaran units in there with him (Always seems to be at least one Conjurer with a Voidwalker in there as well, sometimes 2 or 3 of them). Needless to say, it's a pain. If you're a rogue, you can stealth in, kill the archmage quick, and either run out or die. If you can't stealth, you'll probably need a group unless you're at least 22+. | Subject: "You guys are idiots"
"This is easy"

You're all a bunch of liars.  Just about the ONLY thing that works for a warlock is dying a &*!@load of times, resurrecting beside him, and hoping to god that the crap you res with is enough to toast him.

Most times, it's not.  Whomever said they were a level 18 warlock and did it fine was lying through their teeth.