# Quest ID: 4821
# Quest Title: Alien Egg
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4821
# Subject: "Egg Location"
The egg location wanders between three diferent locations.

When someone picks up the egg from one location, it respawns at one of the others.

As a result, if you can't find it in one location, look in one of the others. | This quest is a reference to Aliens. The reason the serpent kills the dog before it jumps is because in the movie (either one of the movies or the game, can't remember which) a newly hatched Alien feeds on dogs (and other such pet animals). | Subject: "alien egg"
thats 55,52 | The egg can spawn around 3 possible spots.
52,56
45,63
41,60 | Subject: "Egg Location"
Found it at 56,50 | Subject: "How to read coordinates w/o Cosmos"
Top left corner of World Map is 0,0.
Bottom left corner is 0,100.
Top right corner is 100,0.
Bottom right corner is 100,100.
Dead center of map is 50,50.

You should be able to "estimate" coordinates while looking at the map, even if you don't have Cosmos...but Cosmos makes it a WHOLE lot easier. | Subject: "info"
Here's the loc where I found my egg: 51,56. Go there and slay a few Cloud Serpents and you're done. After you complete the quest Hagar Lightinghoof will set the egg on the ground and it will hatch. When it hatches a Cloud Serpent flies around and kills a dog the flies off the cliff. You can target it but you can't kill it. Once done you can get another quest, Serpent Wild, level 26.

My results:
You gain 2100 experience.
Your reputation with Thunder Bluff has increased.
Received 15 Silver. | Subject: "Egg"
The egg location wanders between three diferent locations.

It can be: 51,55 - 52,55 - 56,50 | Subject: "locs"
51,55 and 55,51 are correct - it moves | Subject: "Locs mentioned"
51,55 - 52,55 - 56,50

Found mine @ 56,50 sorrounded by 3 27-28 serpents (nature damage). Got 2100xp + 100 TB rep lv 24 mage. | Subject: "Location of Egg"
Just a FYI serpents dens are not dens at all, just look for an egg out in the open, should be a few Flying serpents around it. | Leads to Serpent Wild https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4865