# Quest ID: 4901
# Quest Title: Guardians of the Altar
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4901
# Subject: "How to.."
On the surface this can appear quite daunting but theres an easy way round it for the right classes...

To start with she can be found by simply riding the road to south and looking to the left side of the road when you reach the "owl wing thicket".

Now she just walks to each cave in turn ignoring the beasts, but, if you let her get attacked first (shock horror!) then she will fight back and you can then take the aggro off her and she'll help you fight the target.  Also you can heal and buff her so dont forget to use this.

Make sure you get her to help as much as you can, it slows her up and makes things easier on you.

Also note her threat area is quite small so stay back and let her lead to ensure you dont pull first.

If you do by accident, dont panic, she's quite tough and can take a good few hits herself before you need to step in.

Soloed at 56 druid without one potion.

good luck. | Subject: "Stay waaay back"
The other night I (57 mage) did this with a 54 druid friend, but what surprised me was how far back we had to stay from Ranshalla. The first try we followed at maybe 5-10 yards, but every time Ranshalla drew aggro, the wildkin went right through her and aggro'd the druid. It didn't go well, the druid died, and I escaped to the road with only 5% health remaining. While I was healing up, I got the message that the quest had failed, so this one is not like the standard escort quests. Most likely what happened is that Ranshalla went to the next torch and casted her strange spell, but neither of us were there to click on the torch so it did not light. So very likely that's what failed the quest and not too much distance which normally causes escort quests to fail. The next time we tried it we both kept back from Ranshalla at the limit of my casting range and that worked very well - Ranshalla became the tank and we just nuked any wildkin that wanted to fight. Another note - only one party member needs to light the torch for everyone to keep advancing the quest, so if you bring a group, select one to go with Ranshalla, everyone else can just kill the wildkin to keep the area clear. The ending animation for this quest is very cool and something that I wish WoW had more of. FFXI was full of great cutscenes like this and something that I've missed since departing from that game. Maybe BC will bring more of these kinds of animations, but who knows ... | This escort quest ends in a pretty cool lore event concerning the history of the wildkin, check it out.

Leads to the quest "Wildkin of Elune." (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4902) Erelas wants you to go talk to the whiney Archdruid in Darnassus to share what you've found out. | You never have to fight more than one wildkin (level 56-58) at a time, so it's a pretty easy escort quest. It takes about 17 minutes for the whole script, for what it's worth. | Subject: "Quest end"
Ranshalla says: The altar is glowing! We have done it!
Ranshalla says: What is happening? Look!
Priestess of Elune says: It has been many years...
Priestess of Elune says: Who has disturbed the altar of the goddess?
Ranshalla says: Please, priestesses, forgive us for our intrusion. We do not wish any harm here.
Ranshalla says: We only wish to know why the wildkin guard this area...
Priestess of Elune says: Enu thora'serador. This is a sacred place.
Priestess of Elune says: We will show you...
Priestess of Elune says: Look above you; thara dormil dorah...
Priestess of Elune says: This gem once allowed direct communication with Elune, herself.
Priestess of Elune says: Through the gem, Elune channeled her infinite wisdom...
Priestess of Elune says: Realizing that the gem needed to be protected, we turned to the goddess herself.
Priestess of Elune says: Soon after, we began to have visions of a creature... A creature with the feathers of an owl, but the will and might of a bear...
Priestess of Elune says: It was on that day that the wildkin were given to us. Fierce guardians, the goddess assigned the wildkin to protect all of her sacred places.
Voice of Elune says: Anu'dorini Talah, Ru shallora enudoril.
Priestess of Elune says: But now, many years later, the wildkin have grown more feral, and without the guidance of the goddess, they are confused...
Priestess of Elune says: Without a purpose, they wander... But many find their way back to the sacred areas that they once were sworn to protect.
Priestess of Elune says: Wildkin are inherently magical; this power was bestowed upon them by the goddess.
Priestess of Elune says: Know that wherever you might find them in the world, they are protecting something of importance, as they were entrusted to do so long ago.
Priestess of Elune says: Please, remember what we have shown you...
Priestess of Elune says: Farewell.
Ranshalla says: Thank you for you help, <name>. I wish you well in your adventures.
Ranshalla says: I want to stay here and reflect on what we have seen. Please see Erelas and tell him what we have learned. | Subject: "Yay"
Finally, after all of this time using thott I can actually post something constructive for future generations.

It's a rather simple escort quest: you go to five caves and light five torches (you must right click the torch to light it) and then to an alter where you get a nice light show followed by the reward detailed above.

Nice and easy.

/Lore of Garona | One tip on completing this quest, let Ranshalla aggro the owlbeasts. She can take a hit or two, and if she isn't the one to aggro them, sometimes she just keeps walking while you're in battle, and can get into trouble by aggroing more of them. | Subject: "Recommendations"
I reccomend doing this with the Enraged Wildkin quest line (specifically part 3: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4864/enraged-wildkin).  You have to kill the same wilkdin in both. 

Good luck! | Subject: "Horde sucks"
Horde are such dip#$%^s.. god I wish I could smash their face, in real life.
I seriously hate horde asswipes who keep killing NPC and ruining quests just because
they can.. a big FU to all of you idiots. | Subject: "quest reward"
This quest give you 150 rep with Darnassus.  I am lvl 60 and don't feel like doing the math to convert to XP but it gives you 2 Gold 88 Silver.

Turning this in also opens up the quest Wildkin of Elune