# Quest ID: 4904
# Quest Title: Free at Last
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4904
# her respawn ~ 15 minutes
respawn of arnak ~ 7 minutes | Subject: "Thalia Amberhide"
I read some of the posts saying the quest was bugged but its not. You have to escort Lakota out of the Village and then she will  disappear. From there, return to Freewind Post and speak with Thalia Amberhide who is inside of the Inn. Everything worked fine for me. Lvl 25 mage. | A few tips for this one

Do this quest at the same time as  Wanted - Arnak Grimtotem. Since Arnak Grimtotem is very close to where you will first start this quest.

You get this quest from the NPC Lakota Windsong
She is found at coordinates 28, 26. To get to that point, come down the great lift. Go straight ahead until you see a totem on your left at approx 31,37. This marks a parth that goes to the top of the grimtotem pinacles. Follow the path along the top and when you get to a pinacle with more than one path, take the left one. This will bring you to a clearing on the northern cliff face where you will find both Lakota Windsong for this quest, as well as Arnak Grimtotem for the  Wanted - Arnak Grimtotem quest.

The enemies along the escort path respawn pretty quick so there's not much benefit to clearing them ahead of time except for the ones closest to where you start. Lakota Windsong, however, has a slow respawn time. So if someone just just done the quest, espect to wait 10 minutes or so for her to respawn.

Her escort will take take the path all the way back to that totem at ground level. This leads you through 3 platforms with enemies. More enemies spawn each time she gets to the middle of a platform. So each time you get to a platform, pull 1 or 2 of the mobs back off the platform. She will help you fight them. Take care of all of them 1 or 2 at a time like that before actually moving on to the platform. Then you won't have to deal with them at the same time as the ones that spawn.

You can buff and heal the NPC while you are escorting her. | The spawn rate here is high, so you'll need to fight your way down even if you cleared the path on the way up. Additional mobs spawn when she reaches each plateau, but you can start pulling the respawned Grimtotems while still on the bridges to avoid fighting them all at once.

Lakota disappears once you get to the bottom of Darkcloud; cash in the quest in Freewind Post to get the reward.