# Quest ID: 4921
# Quest Title: Lost in Battle
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4921
# She's at 49, 50.
Last edited by Skosiris on 2007/10/14 (Patch 1.12.1) | For those without a coordinate addon, on the road from Camp Taurajo to Crossroads, there's a bridge that crosses a dried up river bed. To the soutwest of that bridge there are a pair of huts or houses. Inside one of those huts is a body, that body is Mankirk's wife. | This quest has probably caused more Barrens related jokes than any other. Hardly a minute can go by without a person asking, "Where is Mankruks wife lol!?"

The above posters are correct. If you follow the road south you will eventually cross a small bridge. Very near the bridge are a group of small huts. The beaten corpse is inside one of the huts. Make sure to click on the corpse!

A good idea to complete this while you're running south to pickup the Camp Taurajo and Thunderbluff flightpaths. | The Barrens: 49,50

Click on the Beaten Corpse | Subject: "<Blank>"
49,50 | Subject: "Mankrik's Wifes location"
  Like many have said before the quest was a pain in the ass due to vauge directions.  I actually had to come to ThotBot to find more on it and piece together the quest with everyones directions. 
  Yes you can either start in "The Crossroads" or "Camp Taurajo" your choice. Simply put, if you start from "The CrossRoads", go South on the Gold Road (The Main Road in the Barrens running North/South). Going South, keep your eye out for a bridge that passes over a dip in the plains, the bridge has 4 big horns/tusks built into it. Mind you coming south from the Xroads, you will be able to see the two white tents Mankrik's Wife is located at before you even cross the bridge. The two tents are located off to the right of the Southern Gold Road.  On closer inspection the  white tents are of Tauren design. One is smaller than the other, and the larger of of which has a air driven wind grain on top. Mankrik's wife is located on the SW side of the tents, a virtual 3 feet out of the entrance of the tent with the air powered grinder on top. She will be the "Level 16 Beaten Corpse" laying on the ground. Go up (Right Click) on her and then return to Mankrik in "The Crossroads".
  If you choose to start from "Camp Taurajo", run North up the "Southern Gold Road" The white tents will become visible quite shortly after your departure from "Camp Taurajo"  This is about as detailed as I want to get. (^_^)  Hope this helps. | Subject: "<Blank>"
49.50 for me too | Subject: "Location"
loc: 49,50
Just inspect the body that is laying inside the tent.

Edited, Tue Feb 22 14:26:21 2005 | Subject: "I found her"
Like the first post saids she is located to the right of the bridge if you are headed south ... FYI she is no longer in the realm of the living .. in other words she is laying on the ground near the Huts | Subject: "49, 50"
49 50 is correct. all you do is walk to the body and your done | Subject: "where is she"
Head south on the Gold Road from Crossroads. You will cross a small bridge, she is next to a hut on the west side of the road. | Subject: "Finding Mankrik's wife"
Follow the Gold Road south out of Crossroads. You will soon cross a small bridge over a ditch, and once crossing south over the bridge you will enter the Southern Gold Road.
Stop just south of the bridge and turn to face West. For the compass-challenged, West is on the left side of the minimap*.
You will see two huts - a short one and a taller one. Head over to them.

If you have co-ordinates, they are as stated in the Additional Notes: 49,50.

Note: If you are lower-level, watch out for the Ornery Plainstriders (which, as oppose to earlier plainstriders, are now aggressive), Sunscale Scytheclaws and Stormsnouts. They are level 17-18. The Zhevra Chargers are still passive, as are any giraffes you might see.

Mankrik's wife - or, at least, her corpse, is here. Yes, she is dead.

Go in front of the mill. That's the taller building. There is an orc female (Mankrik's wife) laying on the ground, named Beaten Corpse. Right-click on it to interact with it. It will say:

---
The body is that of a female orc warrior.

It is clear that she died in battle, probably against the quilboar in the area.
---

Select the option, I inspect the body further. It will say:

---
You turn the body over and see the marks from blades and spells upon the deceased orc--her armor all but destroyed, her hair matted to her face.

Based on Mankrik's description of her, there is no doubt in your mind that this was his wife.

He will be upset by the news, but you are sure he should know the truth.
---

Click Goodbye and head back to Mankrik to break the news.

___

Loot note: There is sometimes a food crate, drink barrel or other form of crate/box inside the mill, against the back wall behind the wheel in the middle.

* If you don't have a minimap for some reason, click the [X] in the top-right hand corner of the screen beside the name of your current zone. NO, that's not an Exit button, and I'm not a prankster. That button is to show/hide your minimap and minimap buttons (though why it's an X instead of something like a _ doesn't occur to me).

Edited, Jul 14th 2006 at 9:31am EDT by Axidos

Edited, Jul 14th 2006 at 9:35am EDT by Axidos