# Quest ID: 4963
# Quest Title: Shard of an Infernal
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4963
# Subject: "Frequently Asked Questions on this Quest..."
FAQs...

1. No, you cannot get both quests.

2. Yes, it does matter what quest you do, they both reward a staff and an offhand. If you chose the Felhound quest, both the rewards have +Shadow Damage. If you chose the Infernal quest, both the rewards have +Fire Damage.

3. Both of these quests are at Mannoroc Cavern in Desolace, East of Shadoyprey Village.

4. The Felhounds are called Mana Eaters and The Infernals are called Lesser Infernals.

5. The  Ruby is used just like Drain Life spell, but it dosent do any damage, so put enouogh DOTS up to kill em.

Hope this helps... | Subject: "Quest rewards"
Orb of Noh'Orahil
Binds when picked up
Held In Off-hand
+5 Intellect
Classes: Warlock
Equip: Increases damage done by Fire spells and effects by up to 10.
Use: Restores 40 health every 3 sec for 30 sec.
Sells for 50 Silver to vendors

or

Staff of Noh'Orahil
Binds when picked up
Two-Hand Staff
62 - 94 Damage Speed 2.70
(28.9 damage per second)
+3 Stamina
+6 Intellect
Durability 85 / 85
Classes: Warlock
Equip: Increases damage done by Fire spells and effects by up to 13.
Sells for 1 Gold 43 Silver 97 Copper to vendors | Subject: "Do like me!"
1) Fly to Shadowprey Village in Desolace

2) Go to Monoroc Coven, south of Kodo Graveyard

3) About 50,73-74 should be about 3 Lesser Infernal of those Merene talks about.

4) Use the shard as if you used the Drain Life-spell and it'll work!

And that took me, all-in-all, about 10 minutes with flying and all...

Server: Skullcrusher
Prinsessen
Undead Warlock | Subject: "OMG"
Ok. I read everyone's comments and just about everyone asked "can i choose the infernal and the felhound or just 1" DUDE! When you turned in the first quest and then turned it in to the Manera girl, it clearly said for you to pick one of the quests from the acolytes. ONE! I had to comment on this. | Subject: "where to find lesser infernal"
Look in Manneroc Coven, south of the Kodo Graveyard

http://i64.www.wowhead.com/classic/m/b/412198.jpg | Subject: "Not both..."
Funny how after all this time no-one answered the question if you could get both =)

I think it's safe to say NO, you can't do both.

You might notice that if you accept one of the quests (either "Shard of Felhound" or "Shard of an Infernal"), you can't accept the other quest from the opposite acolyte.