# Quest ID: 4971
# Quest Title: A Matter of Time
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=4971
# Subject: "<Blank>"
if u wanna make it easier , if ur solo'in
just run to the near lake or river, and fight on the cliffs edge, once u killed one and dont think u can handle the second, jump into the water and wait for aggro to go. | But seriously, if you are a level appropriate warrior or rogue, do yoursself a favor and say fck off to this quest. FCK THIS QUEST. As a warrior, even if you use your 30 min cooldown and kill 3 of them, when 1 dies a new one spawns. They constantly apply a slow debuff, so you can't run away, and your attacks take forever. There is no way you complete this quest without dying multiple times. &*!@ like this is ridiculous. I'm at 1.6g repair and only half done. I wish someone had warned me like I'm warning you. NOT WORTH IT.
Last edited by tiel on 2019/10/01 | Subject: "Long fight"
Just a guess, but don't stand between two silos when you summon. You may end up summoning from both. After you summon, the glow goes away from the silo for awhile.

These are beasts. A hunter can freeze-trap one, put a pet on another and scare yet another, so three are manageable, if you're not surprised by them (as I was). A druid could sleep one.

With the constant re-spawning and the "slow" spell, these are long fights. Mana users should wear +Spirit gear, or they may run out of mana from healing the pet/themselves, casting spells, etc. Use whatever crowd control you have for bandages, heals, etc.

Fortunately, they don't hit too hard. | Subject: "New Coordinates"
Looks like this is one of those things they changed in a patch. New Coordinates are 49,70 and the water trick does still work | Subject: "easy if you're prepared"
this can be a very simple quest.

get in the water S of the ruins, and go E of the east bridge.

come up near 50,70 (or on the map what looks like just E of the ruins) and kill the 1 or 2 single mobs on the hills.  look for big silos with blue light streaking out of them.  clear out any stray mobs and blow horn.

I've seen the parasites come in mobs of 2 or 3.  back up to the hills to fight them so you don't aggro any of the undead in the area, and use the water as an escape if necessary (or for more room, as there are no mobs in the water).

when you kill the last parasite of the current group- another parasite can immediately spawn in the exact same spot, and this can happen multiple times.  I have seen the parasites heal and do something like a self-banish, where they regain all health, wont attack, but can't be hit for probably 15-20 seconds. 

took me 10-15min solo with a lvl57wrlk | Subject: "get ready to die, if you are a rogue"
As a 57 rogue I died 4 times trying to complete this quest and you will too. Because you cant stealth. The maggots have you targeted. Also they will follow you a little way into the water.

Step 1. Find the stinking silos. Go back to Chillwind camp. Then go through the Sorrow Hill Graveyard to the bridge taking you into Andorhal(sp). Just before you get on the bridge look to your right. About 1:00 and in the distance you will see two trees and a windmill. Jump into the river and swim straight to the windmill. Climb the bank on the other side and you will find three silos. You will know them by the blue light streaming out of them.

Step 2. Summon the maggots. Open your bag find the thingy and right click. The green maggots will appear. In waves. When you kill one another will appear immediately. You can not stealth or vanish. Just start hacking away as frantically as you can.

Step 3. Killing the maggots. Keep hacking and dying and trying to jump in the water just before you die to escape the relentless attacks of the maggots.  Eventually you will hack your way through 15 and turn in the quest.

This quest might be easy for a warrior or paladin but for a rogue deprived of stealth and a good opener it is a real pain.