# Quest ID: 503
# Quest Title: Gol'dir
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=503
# Subject: "Straight up info"
What?: Kill Gol'dir
Who: Gol'dir
Where: Alterec Mountains- Strahnbrad 60,45
It is inside the innlooking building.

To get to Strahnbrad, go out of tarren mill.  Take the north road.  Follow the road till you hit Gallow's Corner, 50,55.

This will lead to a fork, take the west fork.  Follow it till you hit Strahnbrad.

Steps: First kill the Jailor Borhuin at 60,43
     
Second, Talk to Gol'dir 59,43

G/l!

P.S. Watch out for Syndicate Spy's, they are stealth.  Also, if you are on the quest WANTED: Baron Vardus, he will sometimes spawn in a building the the Strahnbrad area | Subject: "This quest, and another quest as well"
He's in Strahnbrad in Alterac. In the Inn on the second floor. 59,43
First you neeed the key, Kill Jailor Burhuin for the rusted key.  He's located in the building just north (next door) to the inn, in the clocktower.

While you're here, there's another quest you can complete in the basement of them inn, the quest is called "WANTED: Baron Vardus".
https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=566/wanted-baron-vardus | Gol'dir is on the top floor of the building that looks like an inn/tavern. Be prepared to deal with at least a half dozen Syndicate mobs, though not at one time. Jailor Borhuin has the key you need, and he usually spawns in the room before you reach Gol'dir. If he's not there, you will need to search the other buildings (except the northernmost building). | You need to go to Strahnbad (62,44). Goldir is in the bulding directly southwest of the clocktower building. | Subject: "Gol'dir"
You can find Jailor Burhuin in the clock tower in Strahnbrad. It is the northern-most building there. | Subject: "alternate spawn"
the jailer has an alternate spawn, building SE of clock tower | Subject: "info"
What a pain in the butt this quest is. The loc of the buildings is: 61,44. The first part is that you need the Iron Key and the Jailer has it. He was level 37 when I found him and I'm not sure if his level fluctuates like a few of the other NPC's in the game. When you are in the general area of the buildings you need to keep an eye open for spies. They're stealthed and are a nuisance. Track Hidden sucks ass but have it up anyhow and make your way into the building get the key. Once you have the key you need to enter the build that looks like an Inn. It gonna be guarded by stealth mobs once you get inside. Kill them then you need to kill all the wizards and more hidden mobs. Make your way to the 2nd floor and kill more of the same. Gol'dir is ball and chained and is in the deepest part of the middle room.

My results:
You gain 2800 experience.
Your reputation with Orgrimmar has increased. | Subject: "LVL 37 Warrior - Easy"
rusted key cords: 62,44
Gol'dir: 60,43 - Second Floor - | Note that while the quest says "Free Gol'dir then return to Krusk in Tarren Mill.", it actually ends at Gol'dir, where you get a new quest to return to Tarren Mill. | Subject: "Soloable"
I soloed this as a 37 Shammy and didn't die.  Just be careful and don't pull too many.

Get the key first - from Jailor Burhuin - in a house opposite the inn 62,44.

Then fight your way to Gol'dir who is in the top level of the inn 60,43 to complete the quest. | I found the jailor in the town hall, but beforehand I had seen him in the inn which leads be to believe the spawn location is random. Once you have the key off the jailor, just talk to Gol'dir on the second floor of the inn and get the follow-up quest to return to Krusk.