# Quest ID: 5051
# Quest Title: Two Halves Become One
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5051
# Subject: "<Blank>"
The second half of the of Charm is dropped from the Jabbering Ghoul (lvl 53)that wanders Felstone Field.

I completed this quest a couple weeks ago with Cosmos gathering heavy info but it's never appeared on thott. | Color aside, the Jabbering Ghoul is the only ghoul that is holding pitchforks. He is in fact green too. Spawns near the cauldron but tends to wander off into the agro range of the scarlet patrol that's stationed at the corner of the farm. | Uigrad is wrong; the ghoul spawns about every 5-10 minutes, and is green, not red. All ghouls on the farm besides the jabbering ghoul is red. | Subject: "IS the husband-"
Few reasons leading to this:

1) The other half of the charm is on him.. to my knowledge undead really don't have the urge to  steal/pillage personal possessions and hold onto them..

2) Is right outside / on the farm.. and is "Jabbering" meaning to talk rapidly, or unintelligibly... his soul isn't at rest either... Mmhm.

3) He's the only ghoul holding a PITCHFORK.. now why would a ghoul be holding a pitchfork? Because he was a farmer .. and was using it when he was turned. | Subject: "Jabbering Ghoul"
Drops off of Jabbering Ghoul that roams around... I think lvl 53 or 54... | The "Jabbering Ghoul" spawned for me towards the barn behind the cauldron at 38, 56.
I /Target Jabbering Ghoul to make sure I tag him first.
Last edited by Eurodancer on 2019/10/19 | Subject: "correct!!"
The Jabber Ghoul heads for the scarlet guys you have a bit of time to catch him, and spawn rate wasnt that long for me, he looks a bit different from the other ghouls around so you'll know when you see him.