# Quest ID: 5054
# Quest Title: Ursius of the Shardtooth
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5054
# Subject: "Summary"
A Summary

Closest place to Everlook.
Can be found at 60,33 - walking down the hill towards Everlook.

Full Patrol Path
I have followed him through a full circuit of his patrol path and he walks to the peaks of four different hills. Head to any of these and wait - or plot a path to find him.
The Peaks.
56,38
60,31
61,27
64,24

He is a level 56 Golden Elite.
He looks just like any other white bear.

5800 Exp.

100 to Thunder Bluff Rep.

To pull into town for town guard assistance -
Go out of the Horde entrance heading North - go to the top of the hill - wait to find this Bear and then head South staying ahead of the bear until you find it start to move away from Everlook to the West.

Pull to the Horde side entrance of Everlook (West side) and the guards will net it and finish it off.

To those that find mobs will not pursue them when desired -
You have to inflict *some* damage to successfully pull the bear all the way to the entrance. I would suggest doing it in bursts - keeping ahead of this slow bear in between your attacks.

Solo'd as a level 56 shadow priest 10-0-38.
I pulled to the town because it was mentioned so much in previous posts and i have never done such a thing before. Pretty sure i would of finished it anyway as the bear was very low health as it reached the town and my mana + health were looking good. (Vampiric Embrace is just fantastic).    8) | Subject: "Letter to Ursisus"
Dear Ursius,

The first time we met, I remember you did your maulish bear hug. I was inclined to fall off a cliff, and die. The second time I died again, falling off these goddamn cliffs. Then I stalked you, you ran away and I followed. In an open clearing you killed me again. The fourth time I caught you dissapearing around the bend of a mountain. You can't escape! You killed me promptly. The fifth time, I was - frankly - pissed off. I let you have it, and with a little luck took you out! May you enjoy bear heaven little Ursius, now gtfo of my game.

Enche, 57 Troll Hunter
<Eternality>
Dalvengyr (U.S.) | This bear wanders around the mountains, so it's hard to give exact coords for him. Look around his page (Click on the Ursius Slain link for Wowhead's listed coords)

Pretty much a basic 56 bear. Mages and warlocks should have no problem soloing. Not sure about other classes, but depending on gear and level, they shouldn't have much problem either.

For those of you without any UI installed, Ursus wanders around the mountains north of Everlook. It may take some hunting to find him, as he wanders around the mountains.
Last edited by Miyari on 2008/03/10 (Patch 1.12.1) | Subject: "Loc"
The quest-text is acctualy wrong. Ursius does not spawn to the west of Everlook but to the north - north-east. Look for the giant tree.

Once I found him he was surprisingly easy to take down. Solo'ed as a 57 rogue without breaking a sweat. | Subject: "there he is!"
62,31 big white bear cant miss it :P | took me FOREVER to find him . 58,33 , on the top of the mountain (near the ledge) heading west | I saw Ursius on a hill 61,21 just a BIT north of Everlook