# Quest ID: 5055
# Quest Title: Brumeran of the Chillwind
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5055
# Brumeran is a chimera that wanders around the southern portion of Winterspring.

She wanders around even more then Ursius, so giving exact coords are very hard. Look at her page (Click on the "Brumeran Slain" link on this page) for coords. I would, however, recommend waiting and looking around 62.5, 57.9 for her, as you can fight her without risk of adds (It's on or near the road.)

She's a level 58 Chimera with lightning breath and a stackable poison effect. Nature protection would be recommended here. The poison will eat down at your health fairly quickly. I'd recommend bringing a nature protection potion (And/or some Anti-Venom) or a priest. Mages (Frost especially) shouldn't have much problem assuming that they have bandages and potions at the ready. I'm assuming that locks shouldn't have much problem either. For other classes, I'd recommend hunting her with some other people, or pulling her to the Everlook guards. (Make sure that, if you try this, that you get enough damage on her so that you receive credit when the guards kill her.) (I also don't know if it's possible to do anymore. It would help if someone would confirm this for me.) Of course, depending on your gear and level, you may have a little or alot of trouble dealing with her. I'd always reccomend finding a group.

For those without a UI, she's in the wilderness ranging from a little below the frozen lake going south past the group of elite dragonkin. She goes south from there. I would recommend waiting for her around an alliance NPC along the road leading south. You should find her around there. If you want to hunt for her in the wilderness, following the listings of coordinates on Brumeran's page (Click the Brumeran Slain link) should give you a good idea of her path.
Last edited by Gryphon on 2008/08/20 (Patch 1.12.1) | Subject: "found him"
57, 53  he roams around so relax lol, he goes somewhere west then comes back to those coords | Subject: "Not quite soloed"
Was tricky to solo as 58 fire spec mage. Had to pop a potion and a mana ruby. | Spawns at 58,62

Slowly pats out to the road, where the Night Elf npc is at 63, 59.

Heads back in towards Mazthoril at 62, 56

Follows the western part of the zone north there passing through the blue dragonkin.

Turns around at 54,45 and heads back to spawn point.

Re-Spawned 7 mins after I killed it.