# Quest ID: 5062
# Quest Title: Sacred Fire
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5062
# Subject: "Not so bad"
Coords are roughly 36,36. The area is a big lake on your map, it is pretty hard to miss it.

I soloed this very easily with my level 29 priest, never got below half health once. These mobs do have a spell that cuts your accuracy in half, so I can see how that could cripple some melee classes.

The objectives for this quest are stationed all around the area, some underwater and some on the coast. I'm fairly sure you could complete this quest without stepping foot in the water or fighting any elementals, but it would take much longer.

Its worth noting that the elementals in this area drop Bubbling Water in great quantity, which is an excellent mana healing drink for casters.

If you have herbalism and you turn on Find Herbs, the objectives for this quest will appear on your minimap. | You can find the lake at 35,35. Most of the plants needed are underwater. The elementals are immune to ice. | Being a herbalist helps this quest. Find Herb will show Incendia Agave on the minimap.
Last edited by 32172 on 2008/02/20 (Patch 1.12.1) | Subject: "Scalding Elemental"
Mob called Scalding Elemental is one of the most ridiculous mobs Ive every seen.  I tried to kill him at lv29 and I gave up (Fire Mage) I can solo lv34 elite but not this lv29 normal elemental. :( Even though I'm a mage, all my gears are concentrated for stamina, so I have about 1000 HP at lv29, ok, so I tried to kill scalding elemental and I laughed so many times.  This is not even funny.  Immune to ice, (Ice mages gg) nova doesn't work and it runs fast, uses a firespell that does about 150dmg+3sec stun (can't break stun w/ blink).  And hits around 80 per hit.  That means, For each firespell he can do about 200+dmg w/o him getting hit.  Fireball? My fireball usually does like 190dmg but it takes down his HP only about 10% (high resist to fire) And you don't have enough time to cast third one.  Or not even second one, cuz he casts that stun spell on you.  No nova, no blink, immune to ice.  Scalding Elemental is not soloable by mages... I have no idea why blizzard designed mob like this.  I already have a lv60 character and Ive never seen any normal mobs unsoloable by any kind of classes. (Yes, I tried to run away from this scalding elemental and it followed me all the way to the elevators of Freewind Post. GG) | I found the mobs hard to kill in close combat.
Fist of all, they DPS is crasy. Everytime they hit me, they damage around 90. And when they critt they damage is on 130. Sometimes the mobs uses a stun that last 3 sec. They even uses a curse or something that gives you 30% chans to miss. For casters they are not so hard but look out rogue, warrior, pala and drood, you wont take 2 at the same time. | Subject: "24 druid"
Doable as a 24 druid at 33,33.

With decent to good gear you can take one of the elementals at a time with perfect tactics and execution, there's two spawn spots for the agave that you can stealth to with just one elemental kill. | Subject: "info"
The best location to collect these agave is at: 36,38. A couple of the plants are on land and the rest are in the water. Solo'd this one at 29 with a 28 pet. Easy enough to do but you need the watch the aggro range on the elementals. It's a bit hard to see underwater already with there is the added effect of steam and haze in this water.

My results:
You gain 2200 experience.
Received 22 Silver. | The quest giver says northeast, but it's really just east. | They are all around the lake(Has no name, but it's in the Darkcloud Pinnacle area). The plants are orange/brown and scattered all throughout the lake.
Elementals are nearby, levels 27 or 28