# Quest ID: 507
# Quest Title: Lord Aliden Perenolde
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=507
# Run north through Alterac Mountains, through Strahnbrad and through the valley with all the mountain lions/Syndicate personell. You will come up on a farmhouse near the shore of the lake. The Syndicate mobs here are 39-40 and tend to be stealthed. There are two right outside the door, and you will likely have to fight both at once.

Once the door is cleared, be ready to fight two more at the same time right inside the door. It's best to pull them outside so you don't aggro the other mobs in the house. Once you dispatch those, you'll have to deal with Nagaz, a level 40 orc (part of an Alliance quest). Once he's down, there should be one more stealthed mob near the stairs to deal with.

Upstairs, there is one stealthed mob and one regular mob. You will have to deal with both at the same time. Pull them downstairs so you don't accidentally aggro Lord Perenolde.

Once you've finished them off, charge Perenolde. If you have never fought a paladin in PvP, this is a good preview. He has bubble shields and heals, and he's not shy about using them. He also has a sleep spell, so if you are in a group, expect to occassionally be down one person until sleep breaks. He is level 41, but he's not elite. Once you get his health down fairly low, he starts to flee, but he often runs back into the bedroom, which lets you pick him off at your leisure. Talk to the girl in the bedroom to finish the quest. | Subject: "coords"
he is in the house @ 40,16
on the 2nd floor, also his wife is there, but be careful when entering

soloed with rogue 38 | Subject: "Info"
The Manor sits all the way to the north of the lake next to a tall mountain/hill. Clear the area first before you enter the house otherwise youll find yourself fighting a whole lot more than you expect. Theres a bunch of level 40s on the first floor of the house. And level 36-39 outside.

Nice story but the rewards for this quest wasnt even worth doing the whole chain quest. The XP was ok but u can find better quests coming from the area that take less of a hassle and pay u back with better satisfaction of an item and XP in the end.

Overall, this was just mediocre. | 39, 15 Alterac Mtns | Subject: "not till ur 40"
had this as part of series. tried doing as lvl 37 lock, w/ little success. Kind of upset w/ the experience gap as the last quest (gol'dir) was pretty easy to solo at 35 even. my advice is wait for friends or wait till u level a bit more.

*edit (was able to solo at lvl 38) Took out all the spys / enforcers around the house. (There's a chest behind the house on the NW corner) and pull the mobs 1 by 1 from the first floor of the house (2 humans and 1 really fast swinging lvl 40 orc) And then take out the 2 mobs on the 2nd floor. Lord pontaloon is in the separate room 2nd floor. My pet died once.