# Quest ID: 5087
# Quest Title: Winterfall Runners
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5087
# The runners wander the road from the entrance to Felwood all the way to the top of the winterfall village. You can also find a runner in the felpaw village in felwood.

The runners in winterfall travel in a pack of 3 (lvl 57), the easiest way to get the crate is from the runner in felwood since you can just pull the one runner. This is their route: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=10916

When you turn in the quest to Donova Snowden 3 ambushers will spawn and aggro you. You can feign death, stealth or turn in the quest while mounted and run away. The ambushers will eventually group up by the lake and you can safely talk to Donova Snowden again to get the next quest, without having to kill any of the ambushers. | Subject: "Watch out :P"
When you return to get the xp the NPC says:

Are you sure you weren`t followed? Watch out! ...etc etc

And then 4 mobs comes out of nowhere - 4 level 56 furbolg`s.

2 casters and 2 warriors :)

....so watch out :P

They killed me, a level 56 undead mage while that lame ass npc did nothing but gaze at them :( | Subject: "<Blank>"
ok you guys are confusing people, for the quest, you have to go out and find these 3 lv 57 runner things. they patrol the road around where you get the quest. just look for them. i did it at 52 because i got a 57 shaman to help me :D hehe. when you go back and turn it in, 3 or 4 lv56 ambushers come out and attack, they have nothing to do with the quest. i was on my mount, turned in the quest, they spawned, i rode off without getting hit, and then came back and got the next quest. easy. | Subject: "it was that easy???"
tloc 53,32 - what i did i used my pet again, i did fight one of them my pet 2 other ones, i killed the first one - got the item! lucky me.

they walk along the path, between tloc 40,41 and 53,32 | Subject: "easy"
As with others, I went to the camp where I'd found the cauldron and there was a Winterfall Runner standing right next to it.  I pulled it and just the one came at me.  Killed him quickly and easily and moved on.