# Quest ID: 5121
# Quest Title: High Chief Winterfall
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5121
# Subject: "<Blank>"
69,38 | The Chief is in the cave above the winterfall village (NOT the Yeti cave!). Respawn seems to be about 5-10min.
He is surrounded by 2 non elites and the Chief by himself is a very easy elite, you just need some way to CC the adds.

Also before you start the fight make sure the winterfall runners are not going to jump you from behind since they do end their run here. | After you kill him he drops a book that will give you another quest that you turn in to Donovan (same person that gave you this quest). So be sure to loot him before you run away from the mob | Subject: "he's on top of the mountain"
He isn't in the big Yeti cave, he's on top of it in a little cave of his own.  There is a road leading up there from Winterfall Village.  The village is due east of Everlook. | Subject: "soloed as a lvl 55 hunter"
I soloed him as lvl 55 hunter in the following way:

- attack and kill the shaman first
- feign death and revice pet
- attack and kill second one
- feign death and revice pet
- attack and kill the boss.

Not very easy, but I did made :) | Subject: "Easily soloable with demonology lock."
First thing nobody has mentioned yet is that one of Chiefy's bodyguards is a shammy who heals. TAKE THAT ONE OUT FIRST. Sent in felguard, chewed that one down easily, howl to scatter the rest while healing felguard, then DoTted everybody still standing. When felguard went down I called an infernal in at the cave mouth who made short work of the remaining Ursa and chief. You can probably pull this same trick at much lower level, whenever you get an infernal. The infernal's 'AoE stun on arrival' effect gets really handy when a 59 elite is chewing on your eyebrows.
Finished at 90% health, 30% mana, first time through, so the infernal might've been overkill...I could have tried to keep the felguard up instead. Anyhow, it should be a cakewalk if you just DoT and fear and heal your own demon, same as Kroshius in Felwood.