# Quest ID: 5154
# Quest Title: The Annals of Darrowshire
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5154
# Subject: "Finally, this quest is EASY!"
http://members.home.nl/nerusai/wow/Annals_of_Darrowshire.JPG
You might need to increase graphic settings to see the difference between the two book types. | The trick with this quest is to carefully examine the books on the floor. "Trapped" tomes that spawn guards have a clear white/gray split on their pages, whereas the real thing has a smooth transition from white to gray. This may only become apparent if you zoom in and highlight a book, but it's worth it to avoid unneccessary fights.

Also, if you're doing this as a 'lock, use Life Tap and Hellfire to suicide in and out, as you won't lose durability and won't have to fight to undead out front. | I can 100% confirm that the real book definitely looks different from all of the other books, I just did the quest yesterday and posted about this here on the book's page a few minutes after.

First and foremost, the fake books are indeed all bottom half white pages and top half gray pages.

Secondly, the fake book pages look to be a lower texture resolution. They don't look like actual pages if that makes any sense. The real book's pages will look like pages are supposed to look. When you see it, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about.

And be sure to hover your mouse over the books to light them up some, the room is rather dark. :) | Subject: "kay"
Building located at 43,68. Inside there is a bunch of musty tomes second one i clicked on turned out to be the quest item. Do not know if it is random or not but i found it in the very book in the very top right hand end of the room. Hope this helps :) | It is completely possible that at some point there is no "real" book spawned. By using the fake ones, eventually a real one spawns. It took me 12 fake ones to spawn a real one. | Subject: "The Real Book"
If you look at all the books in the room, they are dark blue on the bottom and light blue on the top.

The real one is light blue on the bottom and the top.

You can avoid corpse running as long as you inspect them carefully. | Subject: "The pages"
The guy that pointed out that the books with half light and half dark pages are all the Ruined Tomes and the one that is all the same shade is the quest book was Dead on. I picked up 7 Ruined tomes fighting those stupid guardians before I read his post. After reading it I zoomed to 1st person and looked at all the books until I found one all the same color and that was the right one.

On a side note, you can get a room with ALL ruined tomes, if you do you have to pick some up and wait for the respawn. | Subject: "Here's what the real vs fake book look like"
Real vs Fake

Edited, Wed Aug 3 14:10:49 2005 | Subject: "Works in 1.10"
Just did it - though I inspected every book first and they were all top grey, bottom white.  Figured they'd fixed it and started clearing clockwise from the entrance.  Cleared them all without any luck.  Of course more than half of them had re-spawned by the time I got done with the last one, so I inspected the re-spawns and sure enough, one was a blended grey.  Popped it and out came the Annals.

So the color trick still works - but it appears there's no guarantee that at any given time that the book will be there.  Might have to open a few duds to get the good book to spawn or come back later after some other sap has gone through a mess of them and given up not realizing that one of his respawns was the good one. | Leads to Brother Carlin (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5210)

and eventually the BAttle of Darrowshire
https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5721 | Subject: "Current Bug (27/4/2005)"
Ok the Location on the books is 44, 67. If you cant see them look up, WAAAAY up. They are floating in the sky. At least its proof positive that it is bugged at the moment. | Subject: "The trick... literally 'X' marks the spot!"
Finally got the book when I tried this method. 

1)Turn up the Gamma in the video options screen

2) Look at the spines of each book.  The correct book has a faint, but noticeable 'X' on the spine. 

Select that one and you'll get the tomb.  Worked first time for me after spending hours looking! | Subject: "Correct Book"
Took quite a while for the right one to spawn, few things you should know.

1: Wrong ones can spawn 0,1, or 2 guys to kill you.  Generally 55.

2: You get instantly debuffed with -25% speed and 33%  more time between attacks

3: One type of guy gives you a debuff that stacks up to 5 times.  Debilitating Disease or something.  Each stack is -20 stamina and -20 strength, and it lasts 2 minutes.  Each time it stacks again the 2 minutes is reset.  So plan on doing this with -1000 health and -100 Strength.  I'm a 55 rogue and it was annoying, but I never died.

Here are 2 pics of what the real one looked like.  Front and back.

http://img65.imageshack.us/img65/8913/untitled1lv7.png

-Sorry if the red disturbs the pages - but you can still see there is a lot less 'contrast' between top and bottom (these are both on mousover)

IMAGE AND INFORMATION BY ZPY FROM
DESTROMATH - ALLIANCE | The trick with the color is still working in Classic.
However in my case the the whole room was just full with false book, so I needed to loot some of them until right book spawend.
Last edited by BigBadNoodle on 2020/11/20 | This is a pretty frustrating quest if the book takes a while to spawn.

Basically, you're looking for a book with pages that are ALL the same shade of gray. You'll notice most (if not all) books in the room are black on top and white on bottom. Clicking these will spawn 1-2 lvl 56 ghouls.

If the book with evenly gray pages isn't there, you'll need to start clicking and looting the others (i.e., useless tome) to force them to respawn. I had to respawn at least 20 of them before I finally got the Annals of Darrowshire to drop. | As already said, the real book isn't two toned and it is obvious when you see it.

However it's important to note that despite posts here saying 'got it first time', it isn't always there ready and waiting.
I had to use four trapped books before this one spawned (no-one else doing the quest).