# Quest ID: 5166
# Quest Title: Breastplate of the Chromatic Flight
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5166
# Subject: "Information from the Catalogue of the Wayward"
Information on the Chromatic Carapace

Presumed to exist.  Only a greater chromatic dragonkin or dragon could pocess such a carapace.

Information on the Chromatic Scale

Commonly found on the lesser chromatic flight: Whelps, Broodlings, lesser wyrmkin.

Information on the Blood of Heroes

Legend claims that in places of extreme conflict, across what is now known as the Plaguelands; clean and holy springs may erupt from the ground.  The water from those springs has been named 'Blood of Heroes,' by artisans and commonfolk alike - in honor of those that fell in the war against the Scourge.

Information on the Frayed Abomination Stichings

The threads that holds together the abominations of Stratholme are highly sought after by artisan craftsmen:  Extremly resilient - nearly unbreakable.

Information on the Skin of Shadow

Used by the Barov family of the Scholomance as a mirror into the souls that they no longer possess.  A valuable keepsake. | Subject: "Quest"
The quest works like this. In upper blackrock spire (Raid Section). Behind the arena are two blackrock thugs on a ledge kill them and a broodling spawns named awbee. Thats the start of the quest from there you do some running around to Haleh ect just follow the quest line untill you get to the book in western plaguelands.

Chromatic Carapace = Gyth (Epic)
Only one i have ever seen drop is mine possible to come from general too maybe.

Flayed Ambomination Stitches = Stratholme stitches the ones just before Baron Rivendare. This is probably your biggest pain when doing the quest.

Brilliant Chromatic Scales = Upper blackrock spire off chromatic dragons. I got most of mine through the rend event but they drop by general too.

Blood of Heroes = Eastern/Western plaguelands there are little pool objects scattered all over. When you loot them 1-2 elite 59's spawn. Just run

I wouldn't do this quest unless you get a carapce to drop. I was lucky enouph to get one and do the quest and it was definately a pain.

Edited, Thu Jan 20 21:56:54 2005 | Subject: "<Blank>"
For the dragons to allow you to pick up the book and start the quests, you must first begin the chain by speaking to Awbee in upper Blackrock Spire. She's on a ledge hanging over the city right when you exit the arena.