# Quest ID: 5181
# Quest Title: Villains of Darrowshire
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5181
# Skull of Horgus:
Travel to Blackwood Lake, located at 51,50. When you go under the water, you will see couple of Spectral Defenders and Spectral Defenders fighting at the bottom. The skull lays between them on the floor of the lake and can be taken without incident.

Sword of Marduk:
Travel to the Infectis Scar located at 54,70. The sword is found among some Spectral ghosts around 53,65. The sword is also taken without incident. | Subject: "Cords"
Skull is at 51,50 in the lake.

Sword is at 53,65 down in the infectis scar. | Subject: "correct coordinates"
the above coordinates worked were correct for me

53,65 for sword
51,50 for skull | Subject: "Easy, soloed at 51"
The skull is at 51,50 Blackwood Lake (deep in the middle). You'll see ghost of heroes and villans fighting around it (dont worry, they don't attack you). However you should worry about the lvl 56 water elementals around (at least for me :P, 51 mage).

Sword is at 53,65 and the infected scar. Saw it from the edge on top. Red and SHining, with ghost (who dont attack) around. Jumped down, grabbed the sword, mount my horse and looked around the scar until i found a way out.

Then, back the chapel for hand in. | Subject: "Here they are ..."
Skull is at 51,50 at the bottom of Blackwood Lake.

Sword is at 53,65 down in The Infectis scar.

I came south from the lake using these coords and jumped into the scar ... right on top of the sword.  Looted mounted and ran east out of the scar entrance without a fight.

Coordinates given before and listed here are correct. | Subject: "Horgus' Skull"
Horgus' Skull is underneath one of the Spectral Betrayers / Defenders at the bottom of Blackwood Lake.
Gotta get right next to it to see it =( | Subject: "clearer loot directions on the skull"
1.  travel to blackwood lake
2.  jump in lake  :-)
3.  find neutral/friendly ghosts fighting at bottom of lake
4.  hover over them at a reasonably close distance (app. dist. 5 or 10 feet)
5.  most important:  adjust your camera angle so that you are looking STRAIGHT DOWN on the group of ghosts (if you don't, you won't be able to select the skull because you'll keep selecting all the mobs around it.  that's why people think this quest is bugged).
6.  the skull is the only one that is directly within the group of ghosts, and is larger and a more light-brownish color than the other skulls lying near the ghosts.