# Quest ID: 5202
# Quest Title: A Strange Red Key
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5202
# Watch out the key will go INTO your keyring bag. I thought I picked it up but i could not find it in my bags so I spent the next hour trying to find another. It goes into your Key ring! | This key opens the cage holding the captive Night Elf. Be warned, the Night Elf wants to recover his gear and heads deeper into the complex. Do not solo unless over leveled. | Subject: "Quest Info"
This quest ain't too bad, first you have to find the Blood key which is a random drop from the mobs inside the shadowhold, I found mine from a mob around the Elf's cage. When you find it Right click the key to get the quest accept it and talk to the elf (spent a while wandering why the cage didn't open while I kept right clicking it). She then says she needs her gear so she goes further in the cave. DO not be fooled even for a 48 this elf kickz azz she can tank the mobs of her level (for a good time but she'll die eventually).

My plan was I went ahead (since my agro circle was smaller) and pulled mobs to her, and we dpsed the down one by one. THings went smoothly until you reach  a open area inside the cave (as in it has a large amount of space) and she sees her gear. Immediatly I pulled the mons to the left and killed them then all the other mobs (not 2 many) when the place was cleared she went to go get her gear which makes her likie 3 times stronger. When she gets it she makes some comment and 3 lvl 55 mobs spawn. Since the place was cleared no other mobs came with the 3 55's so I let her go ahead and tank 2 while I dpsed the other down. Then took the second and we dpsed the third *occasionally take a look at her health to see how she's faring*. After all this she decides to get out of the place, I followed the steps of pulliing ahead as I did in the beginning. When I was about to reach the entrance of the cave pull the 2 guards standing guard of the entrance and killed them. She then goes through a speech of trey and this 53 elite pops out, he hits hard and fast so fight wisely. When he dies the quest will complete and she'll just run off. I attempted this thrice on a 56 druid on a low pop server (not one was around). Hope this was helpful :D. | Subject: "Supplemental info"
As always, right-clicking on the key starts the quest. My key dropped inside Shadow Hold while killing mobs to do "Dousing the Flames of Protection."

Arko'narin can be found inside Shadow Hold. See Toabo's post for the location.

Once inside the Shadow Hold, the location of Arko'narin shows up as yellow dot on the mini-map. So, finding her is not a problem.

Completing this quest leads to Rescue From Jaedenar.

Edited, Mon Dec 19 01:31:45 2005 | Subject: "Basic outline"
Kill enough Jaedenar and this key should drop. Once it does, enter the underground lair (Shadow Hold?) that is located in the NW corner of the camp. (NW of the corrupted green moonwell in the rear of the camp). Once inside, you'll follow the ramp down and eventually come across Arko'narin in a wooden cage. Talk to her to complete the quest. | Subject: "Failed on first attempt"
The quest is not nerfed.  To start it you don't click on the cage, you click on her inside the case and talk to her.  This completes the key quest.  Then she asked you to accept a send quest to escort her.  If you fail on th escort quest the first time, you can abandon the quest in you quest log and get it from her in the cage again.  You do escort her down to get her gear and back out and once outside elite Trey's ghost appears and you have to fight him.  Turn in is at Emerald Santuary and you get the next quest to rescue Trey's remains.