# Quest ID: 5204
# Quest Title: Retribution of the Light
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5204
# To get Trey's remains, you have to go a little further into Shadow Hold. First, go back to the area where Arko'narin found her gear. Go into the water and kill your way through the slimes. Note to Shamans/Druids: the slimes are immune to Nature spells.

Continue going the only way you can through the Hold. After maybe 8-10 mobs, you will go down a hallway which ends in a room. From the hallway you should be able to see the succubus Rakaiah standing in front of an altar, which is surrounded by four Darkweavers. You should be able to pull Rakaiah by herself. She is not difficult at all, and if you've managed to make it this far, you should make short work of her. After she's down, you'll see a yellow question mark light up over the altar. Trey Lightforge's remains are on this altar. You can pull the Darkweavers one at a time. Be sure to get all four before using the altar. Once they are all gone, you can use the altar to complete the quest. Return to the Emerald Sanctuary to get your reward. | Subject: "go through the water with the oozes"
Just to reiterate what someone said earlier - first - go back to Shadow Hold cave, where you did the escort quest, go in and allll the way down to where you helped her get her armor.  The cave does not end at the bottom where the water with the oozes are.  You have to go -=through=- the water, killing the oozes and the cave continues to go on.  Go through a bit more and you will see a room with the succubus in it and 4 warlocks guarding the body - the room does not aggro when u pull her - i am a 56 warlock and this was super easy for me.  Great XP as well.  The one thing is though that by the time you get to her, you have to fight your way back out of the cave =X
Happy Hunting!
Lolita
Kael'thas | Subject: "Respawn rate"
The respawn rate is really very slow.  Bring a lunch and a dinner if she isn't standing there when you arrive. | Subject: "<Blank>"
She's in the room just past the last brazier and the slimes.  Level 56 nothing special, guarded by a few but they didn't aggro when I attacked her.