# Quest ID: 5206
# Quest Title: Marauders of Darrowshire
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5206
# Be prepared to hate yourself. This quest has four layers of f*ck you in it.

First layer ~ The Mob you need.

You need Scourge Champions. They share a spawn with Dread Weavers, Diseased Flayers, and a Banshee-type mob that fears you every 15-20 seconds or so into EVERY OTHER THING AROUND YOU. So right off the bat you've got a 25% RNG on the mob you need being up.

Second layer ~ The first "item" you need.

Maybe my luck is just !@#$, but in WoW Classic I'm only getting the skulls -maybe- every other kill, so there is an additional 50% RNG, bringing the total down to roughly 12.5%.

Third Layer ~ The -actual- item you need.

Clicking the quest item turns the first "item" into the real item you need, only it doesn't, like, ever. In the 10-15 skulls I've collected, I've gotten a whopping total of ZERO resonating skulls. I don't know what the actual drop rate is SUPPOSED to be, but it sure as hell isn't 50%. Maybe 10%, and my luck is just really bad. If that is the case, that brings the overall rate of acquisition to about 1.25%.

Fourth Layer ~ You need 5 of these damned things.

With a realistic rate of about 1%, if your luck is anything like mine, you're gonna need to kill alot of these mobs. Like 500+ just to get the mobs you need, to drop the precursor items you need, to get the real item you need, five times.

I don't remember it being like this in vanilla, but my god in Classic this is brutal. | Subject: "Here is what you do..."
Head due north from flight path in EPL, Light Hope Chapel.

Create a macro: /target Scourge Champion, and go for the highlighted mob.

Kill the Scourge Champion, loot the Fetid Skull and press the Mystic Crystal, provided by questgiver.

The Fetid Skull then turns in to either Bone Dust (trash) or Resonating Skull. Do this till you have them all.

For every 5 Fetid Skulls I got 3 Resonating Skull and 2 Bone Dust...

The path north leading up to The Noxius Glade is the place most likely to encounter Scourge Champions..

As mentioned above Scourge Champion, Death Singer, Dread Weave and Diseased Flayer all seem to be on the same spawn table. So kill them all and wait for respawn.

Stay away from Diseased Flayers if your melee. Naste 10min curse of -10% to hit.. yuk!... | Here's the NPC you need to kill:
https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=8529 | Subject: "Useful info"
Solo'd with 58 Warrior.

For the people who want to know 'where are these at' , the Champions are in Noxious & Fungal Glade like the quest says.  They are scarce so you'll have to wait on respawn once or twice.  Just GO THERE!  You can't miss them.

The fetid skulls drop almost every time, use the mystic crystal that Carlin Redpath gave you to covert to resonating skulls.  They turn to dust about 50% of the time.

Sometimes I think people do more reading on here than just reading the quest they are handed in the game. | I farmed this quest at The Noxious Glade just north of Light's Hope Chapel.

The mobs you want, Scourge Champion, share a spawn with Dread Weavers, Death Singers and Diseased Flayers. The conversion rate of the item is not very good, so consider killing all of these as you also search for the Scourge Champions.

Personally it toook me a total of 14 Scourge Champion kills to finish this quest. So close to a 33% conversion rate of Fetid Skull -> Resonating Skull | /!\
It also needs Villains Of Darrowshire completed !

Otherwise it won't show up.
/!\