# Quest ID: 5211
# Quest Title: Defenders of Darrowshire
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5211
# Subject: "This quest isnt fun"
There are three locations for the spirits.

1. Corin's crossing (59,72)level 54-56 mobs
2. Browman mill (67,49) level 58-60 mobs
3. Plaguewoods (34,34) Level 54-56 mobs

There is no one great spot for them. They are spread out and are not easy to find.

For you low level i suggest you hit plaguewoods. But everything is spread out and you better watch out for a killer elite patrol. They have a deadly knock back.

Anyone 56+ hit browman mill. Everything is nice and together.

On another note, the ghouls respawn as stiches, plus the warriors and mages. So make sure you kill everything and not just the ghouls because most likely they will not respawn as ghouls again.

O yes this quest took me about two hours and i !@#$ing hated every minute of it. At least i leveled! Woot! | I used the location above (68, 41) on my Warrior, and it worked really well. Just on the first sweep through I got ten down, and it honestly could have been more if I widened my search area. Do NOT go to Corin's Crossing. If you can't heal, you're as good as dead. Even if you can, you will more than likely get overtaken by their summonings, and patrols that occur. I went there, changing from 68, 41, and I died before I even killed the first one. It was an open clearing, with one enemy... then two shades joined in, and then two mages. He summoned the shades (level 56), and the mages wandered into me. Warriors: STAY AWAY FROM CORIN'S CROSSING!

Personally, I think this quest is great, especially for First Aid users. The Runecloth drop rate here is great. I started with 2 Heavy Runecloth Bandages, ended with 12, and that's with my use of them. I didn't have to eat a single bit of food.

Oh, and that Ghoul Rot debuff will hurt you. It gives you a -10% chance to hit, which means you'll be missing a lot more often than normal, a LOT more often. If you're a class that can debuff this, you'll want to do so just as soon as it hits you. Great place to quest, but it can be a slow grind. | Subject: "KILL UNDEAD"
what you guys dont seem to understand is that they respawn as ghouls for every undead you kill. so the reason you guys arent seeing any ghouls is because you dont kill any undead. SO kill all the stitches and shriekers u see! | There are quite a few diseased flayers around 68,41 that can be killed for this quest. Much quicker than getting the odd one in Corrin's Crossing or in the north of EPL. | Subject: "Bogus"
Ya, me lvl 55 Hunter just killed 2 ghouls, and got no credit for them either..Not in raid...talked to the spirit a bunch of times...lotted corpse....still jack all | Subject: "kinda easy quest.."
Killed 15 Gibbering Ghouls and got 15 Spirits,
u can find the gibbering ghouls at Corin's crossing in Eastern Plaguelands | /cleartarget [dead]
/target cannibal ghoul
/target gibbering ghoul
/target diseased flayer
/run SetRaidTarget("target", 8)