# Quest ID: 522
# Quest Title: Assassin's Contract
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=522
# Holy #$%^, alright so. After going thru literally every page that has to do with this quest, (the item itself, the NPCs, ect) Both classic and retail versions to see all comments (can't see comments past BC on classic version and can't see classic/other website comments on retail versions of the pages) I can, with 100% confidence, say that we, as a community, even after 16+ years, have 0 info on this item other than the fact that it EXISTS and what mob it drops from. The shear amount of time and effort I have put into this is nuts. I spent over 6 hours in hillsbrad/alterac mountains hoping to find it, some times riding around to the spots they have been confirmed to be at when they spawn and using my true sight racial (human) I even marked the farmer everyone agreed to follow with a blue box so I always knew where he was at all times. I managed to get my fishing skill up from 270 something to 290 while here just fishing in pools I had come across, as well as max out most of my weapon skills (paladin) on turtles, murlocs, naga and critters around town. I filled my bags with so much leather I had to vendor some just to loot this thing when they DID spawn.

I regularly kept track of how many people were in the zone with /who for hillsbrad, at the time they did spawn, there were 4 total alliance in the zone, one being me, who had done all other quests in the zone prior. There was a 60 warrior in town as well as a 38 palli, and a druid somewhere in the zone according to my /who at the time. I had gone AFK in the town center between the inn and the town hall to read memes on discord, but left my sound on, shortly after that I heard the sound of a male human die and instantly tabbed back to see the Crier was dead at my feet. I lept to my mount and spammed my target macro and instantly found assassins, they spawn out of stealth, in their set spawn points then enter stealth. The guards did not seem to attack them UNTIL they attacked others. I managed to get the tag on my first kill and helped the 38 palli get his in a group. In total I 'think' 6 died while I was there, 4 of which were from me. The drop rate is 100%, me and him both got our drops first kill. It says 80 something % on their page because you can't loot it after completing the quest.

I have no idea if it was that druid out and about that was questing that spawned the event, if it was a HORDE quest that does it, (they already have a quest to spawn an elite in our GY) Or if it really is just on a timer. But seeing as how it times are not anywhere near something that would seem.. uhh, based on time, (mine spawned at 6:10 AM. My chat logs say the Crier had said "Hear ye hear ye!" at exactly 6:10:33. The times I seen from other comments also seem to be completely random. I assume it has something to do with a quest but not in town, perhaps when someone picks up the stack of papers in alterac by the syndicate on their table it starts the event? But the player whom actually did would not be in town at the time. Or maybe it is something the horde did. There were people on both factions questing during the 6 hours I was there, I saw a 25 troll priest by the farms, a 33 troll hunter farming turtles up stream, and many alliance. But I still could not tell you what made the event spawn. The only way I think we will truly find out is if you get together several accounts/players and test it yourself, testing quests and other such things from both factions in a controlled experiment to see what may be the cause, or it might just have a random spawn early morning/afternoon. Or ask the devs directly.

TLDR Still no idea how or why the event happened but after 6 hours of camping I have it. GL to you all trying for this thing. | I am playing on a very low population realm (no one except me in Southshore for this entire span), and here's how it seems to have triggered for me:
Completed  Syndicate Assassins,  Encrypted Letter and  Foreboding Plans. Then did  Noble Deaths and turned it in. A few minutes later this event happened:
Southshore Crier says: Guards to your posts! They must be after the Magistrate again. He must be protected! They could come from any direction!
The Southshore Crier grabs the back of his neck and his eyes go wide.
Southshore Crier says: Assassins... save... th... Magistraaa...
Then the corpse of the Southshore Crier was lying at the bottom of steps of the town hall. Afterwards, Shadowy Assassin where hidden all over the town. Make sure to isolate them, otherwise if guards help you kill them, you won't get credits.
Last edited by Erunehtar on 2021/02/13 | I believe I have finally cracked the case. I have successfully spawned the event, and am going to replicate it on three other eligible toons to verify.

First, complete Syndicate Assassins, Foreboding Plans, Encrypted Letter, Letter to Stormpike, and Further Mysteries. I am not 100% sure they are required, they are not the triggering quest in themselves, but are related and to be safe I complete them first.

Second, pick up Noble Deaths and satisfy it's requirements without turning it in. Return to Southshore. Wait 15 minutes BEFORE TURNING QUEST IN. At the end of this time, I would patrol the town and check all four assassin spawn locations just to be extra safe. The reason is explained below, but if you are lucky and someone else has triggered the assassins they will spawn in this window.

Third, turn in the quest Noble Deaths. At this point, before starting any other quests in the zone, begin the wait. You have now started the "Assassin Event" window (trademark: me). 10-15 minutes after turn in (in my first trial, it took 11 minutes), the town crier will run into town and shortly thereafter be assassinated. A pair of assassins spawn behind the town hall near a pair of guards, AoE or focus down one so you get kill credit and get the quest. If you miss it, all is not lost. 10-15 minutes later, Farmer Kent will cry out and you get another chance in the town center. 10-15 minutes after that, a pair spawn in front of the inn for a third chance. I believe 10-15 minutes later a final spawn occurs around shacks, but I have yet to confirm. The final two pairs spawn without NPC chatter. The drop rate is 100% from assassins.

This is why I think this solution has eluded so many over the years: One, waiting 15 minutes for an event spawn triggered by a quest (or possibly all of the quests listed above) creates confusion. Two, the fact the event rolls out over the course of an hour deeply muddies the waters, as anyone stumbling upon assassins in that time can complete the quest without the triggering events. Three, much as with an Onyxia turn-in or Stiches and the Embalmer, when event timers are "in progress," additional completion of the requirements will not trigger the event. In this case, a turn-in locks out further turn-ins for up to an hour (hence the need to wait before the triggering quest turn-in).
Further variables, such as comparing SoD vs. Era servers, Horde activity, times of day, server reset, etc. are erroneous and due to the overall extreme clunkyness of this quest's design. I tave two eligible I am going to recreate these conditions on tonight, and I will update this post if confirmed. If so, I will also post a video of the triggering events to my channel on YouTube, Lore of Warcraft by GleeCon.

All told, way too much effort for a basic quest, but to the true completionists out there, I hope this helps!
Last edited by GleeCon on 2024/07/28 | Subject: "Assassins Contract"
You do not need to finish Noble Deaths first to get this quest. I repeat, you do NOT need to finish Noble Deaths first to get the assassins contract.

I went to IF to get the encrypted letter translated. Just for clarity, I also travelled to SW to return the books to Milton Sheaf. I then hearthed back to South Shore, gave the letter to to the magistrate, and began the quest to hunt down Nagaz.

I proceeded to the inn to log, and right when I stepped in, two assassins popped out at me and attacked me. One guard attacked one, but I quickly targeted the other one. Guards helped, they died, I received the contract.

I have Noble Deaths, Baron's Demise, and Shadow Council all in my quest log right now--proof that you CAN get this quest BEFORE completing Noble Deaths. | This quest does not require another quest to trigger.

I basically waited in the centre of Southshore, in between the Inn and the Magistrate's building.

A town crier, yelled his proclamation, to save the Magistrate etc, waited a few more minutes then two Shadowy Assassins attacked me and I was able to loot the quest item.

It looks like the Shadowy Assassins spawn in mobs of two, had them attack me three more times after the initial attack.

You do need to do the most damage and kill the assassin otherwise the guards will take the kill and you will not be able to loot.

I waited around about 60 minutes; between 10:40 pm - 11:40 pm server time (Faerlina).

*** Can not confirm whether this happens every hour or how long it takes the town crier to spawn etc.