# Quest ID: 523
# Quest Title: Baron's Demise
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=523
# Subject: "Pain but done..."
For those who dont know where Strahnbrad its in the Alterac mountains, just follow the path from the Hillsbrad area north, you will come to a fork in the road take the right one and keep going and you will find it.

(Note all the camps are in the Alterac Mountain zone.)

As for Baron, hes another problem he can be found in the Inn in Strahnbrad, or in that general area.

If hes not there look in the Sofera's Naze area (Its just south of Strahnbrad).

If hes not there... you can look in the Corrahn's Dagger area as well (South West of Sofera's Naze).

If not there... (I feel for you) but there is yet hope check in the Gavin's Naze area (West of Corrahn's Dagger).

As other people have said if you looked in all four places he has probably been killed... so you have to recheck each again.

I hope this little bit of info helps everyone... took me a few hours to find him...
(I will never use coords.)

Note: I am so sick of people saying I was <level> and did it solo with my <class> Man it was sooo easy. | Subject: "he spawns..."
he spawns in camps in the valley but he also has a hidden spawn in the basement of the inn behind some barrels 59.43 | Subject: "stupid respawn"
Okay, a friend and I did this quest.

The first time around, the Baron was at the first camp. When we went to turn it in, we realized that he didn't loot the head. Haha. So we went back..

After reading the comments, we found him at the third camp.

So, just saying, there are THREE possible camps. He could also be in the inn.

The camps are OBVIOUS. Just keep walking. If you don't see him, move on to the next camp.