# Quest ID: 5245
# Quest Title: Troubled Spirits of Kel'Theril
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5245
# Subject: "Location"
First Relic Fragment:  55,42
Second Relic Fragment: 50,41
Third Relic Fragment:  53,43
Forth Relic Fragment:  52,41 | Just look around Lake Kel'Theril.

55,43 First Relic Fragment
51,42 Second
53,42 Third
52,42 Fourth | If you pick up the relic and immediately mount and ride away you can get away from the spawning spirits most of the time. | Subject: "<Blank>"
All of the relics are found on the frozen lake just South South West of Everlook.  The lake is filled with water elementals (levels 56 to a possible rare 60 elite spawn) and undead spirits.

One relic is at the north part of the lake, another east, south and west.

Beware though, because everytime you mine a relic it releases 2 undead spirits levels 54-56 after you. | Subject: "Location of Aurora Skycaller."
I found Aurora Skycaller at coords 53:21 in Eastern Plaguelands.  For those without coords it is below Quel'Lithien Lodge in the north central part of Eastern Plagulands.

This was as of 25 AUG 06. | Subject: "Locations"
First Relic Fragment: 55,42
Second Relic Fragment: 50, 41
Third Relic Fragment: 55, 43
Fourth Relic Fragment: 52, 41
Aurora Skycaller (EPL):  53, 21
For those without coords, type /m to create a macro, hit the New button, type a name for it, get the I beam on the text area, and copy and paste the following:

/script px,py=GetPlayerMapPosition("player")
/script DEFAULT_CHAT_FRAME:AddMessage(format("[ %s ] %d , %d",GetZoneText(),px*100,py*100));

When you use this macro, it will tell you what zone you're in and the coords of where you are standing! | Once you finish "picking" a relic, no matter whether you looted it or not 2 lvl 54-55 Highborne will spawn and attack you, regardless of how far you are. | Subject: "100% Accurate"
The fragments are all located as follows:
First Relic: 55,42
Second Relic: 50,41
Third Relic: 53,43
Forth Relic: 52,41
After obtaining all fragments, it asks you to go to Aurora Skycaller in Eastern Plaguelands at Northpass Tower.  She is located at 2 locations, she goes back and forth to them.  As follows:
Location 1: 52,21 (at a small moonwell below the
                    lodge north west of the tower)
Location 2: 56,24 (inside Northpass Tower)
If you don't have a UI or macro that tells you locations; here's one you can use:

Location Macro (just copy and paste in macro):

/script px,py=GetPlayerMapPosition("player")
/script DEFAULT_CHAT_FRAME:AddMessage(format("[ %s ] %s , %s",GetZoneText(),(px*100),(py*100)))

This Message was posted by Deathsmaster, Server = Hellscream