# Quest ID: 5321
# Quest Title: The Sleeper Has Awakened
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5321
# This quest is a pain unless you cheat a bit.

The NPC follows you (not a predefined route), so all you need to do is to keep away from the road while escorting him to Maestra's Post. That way you can fight the lowish mobs in the woods, one by one, instead of going through the scripted battles (I don't remember how many there are, but at least two, both with three mobs).

Completed at level 18, failed on level 17 since I didn't stay far enough from the road near Maestra's Post (make sure you take the longer route:). | Subject: "Not difficult, easy to solo..."
This quest can be soloed fairly easily.

(1) Just take the Evershade guy WEST of the road in Darkshore (you don't have to go far offroad, just into the woods a bit. Stay west of the road till you get to the entrance to Ashenvale. This avoids Spawned Mob 1 (the Furbolgs). You can go between the road and the Glaive--AS LONG AS YOU STAY OFF THE ROAD to the west side.

(2) Then follow the road to Maestra's till you see the little house. Then go offroad again, east this time, and cut around the big tree and through the country to get to Maestra's. This avoids Spawned Mob 2 (the Undead Guys).

This quest is really quite simple. At most you may have to kill a bear or wolf or cat or two. You do not need to go the Zoram Strand route -- unless you enjoy the scenery, of course. I believe it is your presence on the road at or near those two key positions that spawns the two mobs. Stay just off the main road, and you'll be fine. Good luck! :-) | Subject: "The easy way"
The easy way to do this: Avoid the street, go through the wood straight to the beach, then to zoram beach and from there to the shrine. Only occasional animal attacks, no furbolgs. | Subject: "I followed the road less traveled and that made all the difference ;)"
Go STRAIGHT west from where you get this quest until you reach the beach.  Then follow the beach south until you get to the excavation site and start heading southeast until you hit the road and follow it west then south all the way around until you connect back up to the main road and on to your destination.  I done this with NO fights at all, not even a beast.  Very easy. | Subject: "Sleeper Awakened"
Take him to 27.36 | What got me confused was him falling asleep. Small chest beside him after you pick up the quest gives you a horn you can use to wake him up! | Escort NPC despawns when you enter Ashenvale during PvP event on SoD realms.. | You can skip the ambushes by moving through the woods. The NPC can be used to help finish quests in the nearby area as well. Especially useful on melee classes.
Last edited by SeekerWi on 2023/06/10