# Quest ID: 533
# Quest Title: Infiltration
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=533
# It appears you can do this quest two different ways. The first is to go kill any and all Syndicate mobs you find to the north. The missive will randomly drop off one of them.

The other way is to go talk to Henchman Valik at 57, 69. He will offer you the missive in exchange for some Southshore Stout. You likely don't have any on you, but on the cliff south of Valik you should see a Syndicate mob named Drunken Footpad. Kill him and he will drop the stout. Take it back to Valik and he'll give you the missive. Easy to do if you don't trust the drop rate (and I couldn't blame you). | Subject: "Prereq"
Krusk's low level quest, The Rescue, is a prereq for this quest.

https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=498/the-rescue

Just spent a while trying to figure out why I couldn't get the quest. Krusk just didn't have it. After I completed The Rescue, this one showed up. | Simple Quest, Just go to the Inkeeper in Tarren Mill and buy (1 Southshore Stout) from him, then run north to 57.69 where you will find Valik, Talk to him and give him the stout in exchange for the Missive, all you need to watch for is a gap in the sydicate patrols and your home free, no need to kill a single toon. Simplicity Itself :) If by chance you should aggro Valik by mistake it's not a problem, just kill the surrounding mobs as they drop the Missive too.
Last edited by SuperSidley on 2008/02/13 (Patch 1.12.1) | Subject: "Just in case you didnt understand...."
Alright i didnt understand all the stuff that was posted here, so im going to summarize it!
Go west from Tarren Mills towards Alterac. Once in Alterac turn into "Sofera's Naze."
In their you will see Syndicates, and Vladik.
You have two choces now, To get the missive as a drop or get it from Vladik.
If you kill the Syndicates the missive will drop (i got it on my 3rd kill)
However, If you want to do Vladiks mission, he begs for you not to kill him and he will give you the missive in exchange for Southshore Stout.
Once you recieve the missive your good to go! | Subject: "The quest"
There are three ways of doing this quest, basically - the lazy way, the grindy way, and the efficient way.

The lazy way is to simply buy a Southshore Stout before leaving Tarren Mill, giving it to Henchman Valik and completing the quest without having to fight.

The grindy way is to kill syndicates until it drops. You might get lucky and get it early, or have to kill for ages.

The efficient way is to kill syndicates until either the missive or the stout (yes, it does drop off the syndicates) drops and complete the quest that way. | you can just buy the southshore stout from the innkeeper at Tarren Mill