# Quest ID: 537
# Quest Title: Dark Council
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=537
# Subject: "<Blank>"
Basically:

The shadow mages are IN Strahnbrad
Nagaz is NORTH ALONG THE COAST ON THE FIRST FLOOR OF THE HOUSE OPPOSITE THE DOOR Location (39,14) aka Dandreds Fold

Thats everything you need to know. | Subject: "Only looked easy"
Two of us went to do this one last night, 36 mage and 34 druid. We went around Dalaran to the north and followed the lakeshore to the house where Nagaz is. (We picked up the Shadow Mages earlier in Strahnbrad while doing another quest) There's a house about halfway along the lakeshore with a couple of elites in it, so don't get caught off guard there. We cleared out the syndicate mobs near the house where Nagaz is, and pulled out the two syndicates inside the house, Nagaz did not aggro with them which was a little odd. Lastly we pulled him out and finished him off, but around then the mobs started to respawn again. This happened rather quickly I thought, so don't waste any time while doing this, do it and get out. We got swarmed, but I had his head so we just ran for it and escaped without dying. :P | What an interesting quest to read through in 2019, after playing Legion and BFA storylines. Especially completion text is full of "hints" for what is to come, what is Argus and who is the master behind this small group. | Subject: "Nagaz"
Location of Nagaz 39,14 | Two of us went to do this one last night, 36 mage and 34 druid. We went around Dalaran to the north and followed the lakeshore to the house where Nagaz is. (We picked up the Shadow Mages earlier in Strahnbrad while doing another quest) There's a house about halfway along the lakeshore with a couple of elites in it, so don't get caught off guard there. We cleared out the syndicate mobs near the house where Nagaz is, and pulled out the two syndicates inside the house, Nagaz did not aggro with them which was a little odd. Lastly we pulled him out and finished him off, but around then the mobs started to respawn again. This happened rather quickly I thought, so don't waste any time while doing this, do it and get out.