# Quest ID: 5386
# Quest Title: Catch of the Day
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5386
# Subject: "Here it is"
go to shadowprey village  which is far west of Desolance,about 25 70. go in to water south of village, look for cages, open them the talk to the Fisherman who is on the dock after u get 5 and there u r.... | Under normal circumstances, this quest is relatively easy. Just go to Shadowprey Village, jump in the ocean and check the shellfish traps. Once you have 10 shellfish, you can turn them in to Jinar'Zillen on the dock (in lots of five) to get your two fish.

However, recently several websites/forums have mentioned that the shellfish traps are good to farm, as they have a chance of dropping the Big Iron Fishing Pole. On some servers, that pole sells for upwards of 10g on the AH. Also, turning in shellfish yields about 55s for every 5 you turn in. As such, the shellfish traps are usually camped hardcore, making it difficult to finish the quest, depending on your server.

You need to open a minimum of five traps to complete the quest (and that's with great luck, as the traps sometimes yield vendor trash or even nothing). Good luck. | Subject: "Ghane it's in the game ..."
i founded my first at 22.75 right underthe water ..
its like the fish is in jail :D just take em out ;D | Subject: "jinar is.."
jinar is in the middle of the pier. he doesnt have a ? over his head. you gotta talk to him and swim into the water to find some traps. get 10 and cash em in for the bloodbelly fishies. then go back | Subject: "Not repetable"
No, not repeatable. You can only redeem this once.