# Quest ID: 540
# Quest Title: Preserving Knowledge
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=540
# The bookcase containing the Worn Leather Book can be found at coordinates 39,46. | Subject: "Solution"
My group of 2 lvl31 paladins, a 33, and 34 paladin completely this quest without much difficulty. Just take the road north from southsore in Hillsbrad and you find the Alterac ruins. Kill the non-elite ogres wandering outside until you all have your dirty knuckles (bounty quest from marshal in Southshore) and your 5 tomes. Then take your time and single pull the elite ogres(with what we had it took a few minutes to take em down, but had the hp and mana between the 4 of us to survive easily). Cut a path to the large building still intact straight down the road. Go in, you will see a book case on the back wall...loot the Worn Leather Book and you are done. A 40 elite ogre will spawn named Mudrake. Alone we took him down in about 7 minutes just chipping away. All in all....and easy 7k quest. | Subject: "yay"
Though it's an elite quest, this is solo'able as a Rogue. I killed the non-elite ogres easily for the 5 tombs. Afterwards, I just stealthed past the elite ogres all the way until I reached the last quest item (It's in a house; see Cdubbs' guide).

Then all I did was Distract + Sap the lv40 elite ogre, ran to the bookcase and loot the book. I used Vanish to remove all aggro from that ogre. Then just stealth back past the elite mobs and go back to Southshore. If your sap missed, run a bit, Vanish, and wait 5 minutes for the cooldown timer and just retry.

I solo'ed it as lv36 Rogue, was a fun quest. | Subject: "Whoop"
Simple quest really if you are a NE hunter. Or if you're just quick in general. I saw a war going down so I decided to take the advantage and run past everybody like Forrest Gump and run the heck out. Needless to say that was the easiest Elite quest I have ever done. Can't miss the building that the book is in. Straight ahead and the bookshelf is on the far wall. How you get out is at your own discretion. Psssst. Hearthstone!