# Quest ID: 5502
# Quest Title: A Warden of the Horde
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5502
# During Children's Week (The first or second week of May), you are able to obtain this Quest from the Orphan Matron located in Valley of Honor, Orgrimmar. | Subject: "Total experience greater than 1650!"
I just finished this quest as a level 40, taking my orphan for a spin of Burning Blades on my brand new mount (it still has that 'New Raptor' smell).

The total quest experience is far greater than 1650.  However, you get 650 for each stop you make before turning the quest in.  With 5 stops, the total experience is 4900.  Not bad for just running around.

For horde, you get a set of 3 stops followed by 2 more.  The first 3 are the Throne Room of Lorderan (just above Under City), the Rampart along the Gold Road north of the Crossroads and just before Ashenvale, and the docks of Ratchet. 

Once these three are complete, the next two are available.  One is in Thunder Bluff; the kid wants a footprint of the head honcho Tauren on the top rise.  Last, head to the Raceway in Thousand Needles.  It's just north of Gadgetzan, or follow the road east of Freewind Post until you hit Shimmering Flats, then head southeast.  It's labeled on the world map, but even if it wasn't it's hard to miss.  The ice cream vendor was on the west side of the track with the gnomes.

I assume that's also a stop for the Alliance.  I saw a "?" Paladin who was kind enough to not kill me or my orphan.  (I wonder if you can kill  orphans; something to try next year!)

Sorry I don't have coordinates, but you really don't need them.  I had trouble finding the ice cream vendor, but once someone showed me I didn't see how I missed him in the first place.

All in all, between the orphans, getting a mount, and the Darkmoon Faire, it's been an exciting week.  All that's left is streaking Ironforge and making it out alive! | Subject: "finish it or not?"
Would I be able to get another orphan after I turn in this quest? I like my little Grunth, he's always shoving rocks up his nose and asking me what "zug zug" means :P | Subject: "Children's Week"
This was a Children's Week quest (second week of May, I believe).

So, you can only get it during that time. | Subject: "Re: A Warden of the Horde [5502]"
As of patch 2.1.0, the whistle expires in two days (assuming it's like other holiday items that don't count offline time, it would be two days play-time: time actually spent online, like Engineering Cards). So, theoretically, if you only log in for two days of playtime over a year, you could probably keep the orphan for that long.

I think I'll try this with a bank character. It's possible Blizzard will have the whistles esplode at the end of Children's Week, but since they've built in a timer, maybe not. Would be funny to pull out an Orphan for Winter Veil and cry about there being no presents for him. Okay, not so funny. | Subject: "Why this quest is red"
The difficulty level for this quest is set to 60, so that it flags up to everyone playing. If it were set to say, 40, then level 60s wouldn't see the yellow exclamation mark over the quest giver (of course, you'd hope that after 60 levels people would be smart enough to ask for the quest anyway...)

It's not actually difficult to do all five quests in this series, although it may be time consuming if you're very low level, and if you're soft and chewy and not paying attention you might manage to die getting to one of the Points of Interest in the first three quests.