# Quest ID: 5536
# Quest Title: A Land Filled with Hatred
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5536
# Subject: "Dealing with shared spawn points"
As of 2.0.8 nothing has changed.

When I arrived on the scene there was a full complement of mobs but only 1 Satyr (yes, I checked the whole place).

* Killed everything on top of the encampment and 2 Satyrs respawned
* Did it again and 3 Satyrs respawned

Look, any quest that relies on you killing the same mobs over and over is poorly designed.  At least the respawn time is fast.

This could be an extremely annoying (instead of moderately annoying) quest for a lower level solo, since it would take so long to clear the place to get respawns and there's a decent chance of getting killed by a mob respawning at an inopportune moment.

PLEASE do remember to group with anyone and everyone doing this (or similar) quests at the time, even if you can easily solo.  A group will finish this in no time even with unpredictable spawn percentages, and there's no sense fighting over mobs. | Subject: "I love chicken and Pie"
20,62 Just keep killing just takes seconds for anyone.  I love these types of quests :/ | Subject: "I think i speak for more then just Myself."
for the ones who don't /tloc (including myself) Can anyone give a general Direction from the Start of the quest. or a General Location, from the Middle of Azshara. :-)

P.S:. No offense.... but i don't think people wanna read 50 posts about Whether you like/dislike or how fast you finished this quest. (Just staing my opinion) | Subject: "Exact coordinates."
21,61 were the exact coordinates. It didn't take long at all. Just a touch of running around to find the right types of mobs. | The location is 20, 65 .