# Quest ID: 5545
# Quest Title: A Bundle of Trouble
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5545
# The bundles of wood are easily gathered northwest of the outpost. Watchout for the prowlers and bears though, they can give you quite the trouble while doing this quest. If you have the Defend the Frontier quest you can complete that while collecting the wood with ease. | Update for Classic!

Guys, the easiest way to do this is go into your graphics settings and turn your GROUND CLUTTER all the way down. Turn your view distance as high as your PC can handle and BOOM, you shall see these piles from miles away. No tricks or hassle, just run around killing things for the other quests you have in the area and you'll see tons of these scattered about the trees. | Although the two quests above go together really well. Should you have already completed "Protect the Frontier". Take the time to kill the Prowlers. They are pretty good at yielding "Stringy Wolf Meat". Which is good for cooking.

The Bundles themselves respawn pretty quick. They are really close to each other. So you don't have to go all out looking for these. Making this a really quick quest for 775 XP.

For instance. I found them by trees at these coordinates:

76,62 (2 bundles)
77,60 (Near Murloc Camp - be wary)
77,63
77,64
78,62
79,61
79,63

You only need 8 bundles. So as you can see, there isn't that much searching to complete this quest.

~Lie | Subject: "Quest guide by Thortok"
This one is pretty simple, there are world objects next to the trees in the area around there.  I tend to look in the trees to the north.