# Quest ID: 556
# Quest Title: Stone Tokens
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=556
# Subject: "Red Shield"
I'm a rogue and have never had a problem killing things several levels higher if I can get them alone. When I first encountered these shield guards almost every fight ended in me nearly dead until I realized that the red shield hurts you for about 85 dmg everytime you land a hit. Good thing is they stop attacking too. So for rogues, whenever you see the red shield pop up just stop attacking and let your energy regen, once you find this out these guys are easy. | Subject: "Most annoying quest ever!"
This is easily the most ANNOYING quest ever for me as a rogue. Casters, you have no idea. I even just created an account at thottbot just to report of this totally @#$%ed up quest. First of all, there are only a few of them that actually aren't linked, but rest assured, with their totally insane aggro range, the shield guards patrolling the area will easily spot you and come to aid immiedatly. Secondly, the Red Shield they do makes you take damage by hitting them. 85 damage per melee hit I do, which is a sick amount for a rogue considering it takes me like half a sec (in the time I get in 2-3 attacks, taking 250 damage) before I get to react and turn around, whilst I make another hit and take even more damage. I run away 20y or something, start bandaging or whatever, the shield stops and he comes running towards me, voila I descide to engage him again, but OF course the second I touch  him again (doing rougly 3 hits straight up) he turns red again and my health starts to fall. Finally when they are down to 10-15% or so they start running, of course in the direction of his fellow teammates. But no worries, he can STILL put up the red shield while trying to escape and if you are really unlucky (like me) he will aggro them at the same time as he will put on a red shield. Now the only choice I have is to either escape or kill it and die. Running away is futile since you will be low on health anyway allready and with the daze performed by 3 it would be a mircale to survive without vanish.

I have met mobs who have performed that shield 8 times in the same fight, not letting me touch it ONCE before turning it back on, literarly I have hit myself to death from 100% to 0% health.

Add to this that I have found 2 Tokens in about 40 kills and that the only reason I continue this quest is cause I dont want a &*!@ing game to beat me, no way. Big gratz to constantly come up with new ways to piss me off! | Subject: "Cords on Stone Tokens"
22,15 on HillsBrad Foothills by the big Purple Globe.... | Stone tokens are north of yeti cave, then find the big blue bubble that is dalaran. There is an outpost near there with sheild guards only in it and around it. They drop the tokens. I'll edit and give location in a minute.