# Quest ID: 5741
# Quest Title: Sceptre of Light
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5741
# When you walk through the gates of Thunder Axe Fortress, there's a watchtower immediately to your left. The seer is in the room at the top of the tower. | 55,30 in a top looktower | Subject: "sceptre"
the seer who drops the sceptre is on top of the watchtower, inside the walled compound, just left of the gate. | Subject: "here"
quest giver...39 27
burning blade seer...55 30 (if he is not there...he will be soon...just wait for spawn) | Subject: "look no further"
1. Enter main gate at 56, 30
2. make a left
3. Go up free standing tower killing mobs on the way
4. When you get to the top, solo pull the outter two guards if any
5. Go through the opening of the tower on top and kill the seer and his buddy
6. Loot the seer

Note - this quest causes confusion because you can't see the guys in the top of the tower. Anotherwords you can't target through them, so many don't realize they are actually in there. | Subject: "Sceptre of Light"
You get this quest from Azore Aldamort, 38, 27 in Desolace.

Go to Thunder Axe Fortress in Desolace to get the sceptre.
Enter the fort and go left. DO NOT go into the main building.
Go up the left watch tower (open, stick-built structure). There was an Augur at the base, a Felsworn on the 2nd level, and two Felsworns on the edge of the top level. Then inside there was an Augur with the Seer.

My main problem was I didn't go up the tower far enough. Once you go up one level, there is a ramp on the outside of the structure that will allow you to go up to the top. Keep climbing until you find the seer. Seer is always there and always drops the sceptre. | Subject: "..."
For all the nubs who cant post...

Guys, the tower is inside the fort. Its the 1st tower on your left.

Its easy saying "he is on the top of the tower", considering the place is full of them.

If your gona help, then please do it propely