# Quest ID: 578
# Quest Title: The Stone of the Tides
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=578
# Subject: "Location"
Located at 21,21, or the lone island directly West of Nesingwary's camp.  For those of you familiar with those <censored> basilisks, its off the shore from them.

Stormwind Library aspect is only to get a history book with more info about the area.  Not necessary to complete the quests | Subject: "<Blank>"
21,21 | See this page for a map of where the island is: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=691

It is actually a map for the NPCs you will find on the island, but the location is the same. | Subject: "HERE'S THE DEAL............"
1) you get the quest to discover the island... cake.. walk inland a tiny bid then it's done..and it will say COMPLETE on your quest log for discovering the island.  If not.. KEEP WALKING AROUND.

2) I think you have to kill water elem's to get bracers.

3) it goes on to other quests...but part of the reward (or items obtained FOR the quest, but not necessary to DO it) is a LIBRARY SCRIP.

4) take it to 1 of the 2 librarians in the SW keep library (take the first left in the keep and stay right to get to the library)  He will then inturn give you 1 of 2 books.

One about Morgan Ladimore (which I found to be 1/2 way interesting, but also can be obtained for the duskwood quest line that involves killing him)

Other one is something about the gurubashi arena which I haven't yet read... 11 pages.

I HEAR that only 1 of the two books has a vend price.. I know that the gurubashi one vends for 25c :(  ..not sure about the other one.

HOPE this helped someone. | The coordinates are (19, 22). | Subject: "Not the little island"
And its not the little island in way nw, its the bigger one on map