# Quest ID: 584
# Quest Title: Bloodscalp Clan Heads
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=584
# Subject: "Gan'zulah's locale"
He's in the same courtyard as the other named.  As someone stated above, he doesnt seem to load until you clear the area.

When he does load, he loads by the water.  A good strat for fighting him is to use the water to your advantage.  Take out a minion and hop into the pond, repeat til it's just him.

A = Nez
B = Gan

*******************
*    A        B
*               
*        *********
*        *      *
*        *      *
*        * water
*        *      *
*        *      *
*        *      *
******************

You complete the quest in Grom by right-clicking on the cauldron. | Subject: "True Coords"
True coordinates are:
Nezzliok - 23,9
Gan'Zulah 23,7 | Subject: "Solo'd as 40 warrior..."
hm... pretty easy, just kill kill kill until you reach the part where you can run straight (on the right, or up on the left... went up, killed and killed.. then walked around the edge of the place avoiding mobs... jumped in the water swam, charged into the guy that's by the throne... beat the !@#$ out of him and IntimShout asap... killed him looted and jumped in the water - freaked out cuz the witch doctors arent afraid of the water.. but, stayed alive.. eventually killed those 2 and ran straight to the ledge across from the water- charged into the middle for the other guy.. just beat him up and AE feared as soon as i could.. had to die here though, had like 8 guys on me and earthgrab totems like hell so i just used my PVP trinket looted with a shift+right click and died :P res'd and jumped of towards the beach - i made a map!

http://img227.imageshack.us/img227/33/lolmapforwow6vv.jpg | Subject: "[b]Backdoor advisable[b]"
The back door is very advisable.. I soloed as a lvl 38 Shadowpriest, and when i finally found the place, i easilly took them out..

A hint is: When you can see Gan'Zulah, don't pull him like you are told to by other players. That way you wil aggro both him and the 4 lvl 37 guards. Instead you should pull the guard closest to you. That way you will only aggro Gan'Zulah and 1 guard. After that you can kill the other guards one by one. Then jump onto the platform, and from there you can see Nezzliok (about 20 meters from Gan'Zulah)

As i said real easy.

hope you can use my advise.. | When i killed him took about 45 min to respawn i killed nezzliok 3 times before he repawned so hope that helps | 23.8 (Gan'zulah) Spawns near a throne and two witch doctors guarding him
23.9 (Nezzliok) Also have some guards

They seem to spawn at the same location everytime so it shouldn't be a problem to find them.

You turn in the heads at the Bubbling Cauldron(at 32.27) and once the quest is finished you can access two new quests
(Speaking with Nezzliok and Speaking with Gan'zulah) at the Bubbling Cauldron. | Subject: "2CENTS"
23,9 | Subject: "chief may be bugged"
Did this quest today with my 46 Warlock. There were no other players in the troll city so I had to clear the way to them all by myself. Got to the courtyard, killed the witch doctor Nezzliok the Dire, but the chief Gan'zulah was nowhere to be seen. I suspected the quest was bugged, and while I was contemplating what to do, the chief and his two henchmen abruptly appeared. There is something wrong with him: the witch doctor popped twice before he showed up. All I can say is, if the chief isn't there, wait for him to pop.