# Quest ID: 586
# Quest Title: Speaking with Gan'zulah
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=586
# Subject: "Headhunters"
Booth berserkers and headhunters can be found in 48.42 | The cave that houses Ana'thek the Cruel is at 44,44. Skirt the ruins along the right wall for easiest access to the cave. Hunters are found all over the ruins and there is a good concentration of Headhunters and Berserkers at 48,43.
Last edited by sandrock on 2008/02/18 (Patch 1.12.1) | Subject: "Definitely appears to be bugged"
I'd like to confirm that Ana'thek's spawn appears to be bugged. I saw him in the cave and started medding to take him on, when two other people ran in and killed him (without bothering to ask if, just maybe, I might need to kill him too).

After that I waited around for about two hours for him to respawn and never saw him again. | Subject: "Trouble finding Headhunters?"
If you can't find any headhunters in the area up thehill, or theonly ones you see are standing next to 5 other mobs. All you need to do is kill other people around that immediate area.The spawns are rotating, so if you kill a Skullsplitter Mystic, thre is a good chance he will respawn as a Headhunter. There are about 10 people that can be killed that aren't near enough to aggro others. Just grind these until headhunters appear. It's WAY easier than steaming into a group of 5 mobs and getting your ass handed to you. AND you get XP for grinding all of the non-Headhunters.
w00t! Good luck lads. | Ana'thek is in a cave in the Ruins of Zul'Mamwe (lower level) with 2 adds. The Hunters are all around this level as well. On the upper level, by Mogh the Undying, you'll find the Berserkers and Headhunters, but only about 4 or 5 of each, so you'll need to wait for respawns. | Subject: "HEADhunters and BERSERKERS"
Me be bolothar blah blah
The HEADhunters AND the berserkers are all in one place where there is also a boss witchdocor who is 44 elite something....it is in the east side of the Zul Mamwe ruins up a path i didnt find it quickly | Subject: "Ganzula and Anathek"
All of the "kill the trolls" quests in STV can be challenging and a group is highly advisable.
The reasons are:
1)Patrols.
2)Multiple adds.
3)Mobs runnig away and aggroing others.

As a warlock, Curse of recklessnes is a life saver here.Anathek will patrol out of his cave.I was just around killing trolls for the quest when i saw him.He had a caster/healer and another troll with him.Cleared around, sent VW, had him AoE taunt.Then put Curse of recklessnes on Anathek, ran in and used Howl of Terror.Now its just me and him.Killed him, looted armor and died to some 5 trolls who came back.I came prepeared, so i was soulstoned and rezed right away.

Note:if you plan on doing that or something similar, very important to clear around first so you can rez without aggroing anything.