# Quest ID: 587
# Quest Title: Up to Snuff
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=587
# All Bloodsail Pirates of any class will drop these.

- SJ | You have to complete https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=597 to unlock this quest. | Subject: "Actually..."
I'm doing this quest right now (in fact, I'm resting, waiting for my mana to regen, heh), and I find that snuff also drops off of the Bloodsail Swashbucklers, and pretty abundantly too.

I'm doing Up to Snuff together with part 3 or 4 of the Bloodsail Buccaneers (where you need to kill 10 Swashbucklers, etc.) and that's how I found out the snuff drops.

Hope this helps.

//edit

After killing a Bloodsail Warlock, I find that they also drop the Snuff.

Good luck. | Subject: "<Blank>"
Turn right out of Booty Bay to the beach, it's called the Wild Shore.  Follow the beach south and you will find Bloodsails.  Very high drop rate of snuff, plus the quest The Bloodsail Buccaneers can be done in this area, the only downside is the pirates are levels 42-44.  Go with a group and kill two quests at once. | Subject: "Don't hunt for it as a single quest."
The Bloodsail Buccaneers
"Pretty Boy" Duncan
Up to Snuff
Keep An Eye Out

All of these quests require killing bloodsails.  The eye and snuff can drop off any of the bloodsail in STV so the best thing to do is pick up these 2 quests and then just do The Bloodsail Buccaneers quest chain until they drop.  No need for special excursions to get snuff or some guy's eye. | Subject: "Easy"
Fairly easy quest. It's a good one to pick up when you get to killing Pretty Boy Duncan and killing the Naga (Akiris by the bundle). You can bounce back and forth between Pretty Boy's camp and the Naga to keep you busy without running out of mobs.

Edited, Thu Feb 24 12:04:34 2005