# Quest ID: 5943
# Quest Title: Gizelton Caravan
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=5943
# At the south end (40,79) they leave 18 minutes after arriving. While they wait at the south end, the NPC Vendor Super-Seller 680 is spawned.
He yells when he reaches (45,76), just before Mannoroc Coven, and offers  Gizelton Caravan.
They take 12 minutes after leaving the south end to reach the north end (61,38).
They then wait another 18 minutes and leave to head south. While they wait at the north end, the NPC Vendor Vendor-Tron 1000 is spawned.
He yells when he reaches (67,37), just before Kolkar village, and offers  Bodyguard for Hire.
They take 14 minutes after leaving the north end to reach the south end.
During the "escort" leg of the trip both direction, they move more slowly. Otherwise they move at run speed.
Timed 09/08/2019.
Last edited by notdanr on 2019/09/08 | Subject: "Some useful info"
The quest is really tough to do if u dont know how. So, as few of you said before, get involved as less as possible, just stay aside and assist a little. I soloed as a hunter level 32.
Note: If u fail the quest (as i did once), go to 40.80 where the caravan stops and wait them exacly 10 minutes, after that, the caravan start to move again and before they enter in Mannoroc Coven u should speak with the goblins and take the quest again!(leave the failed quest before that) | Subject: "easy"
http://img67.imageshack.us/img67/3205/wowscrnshot040507071922tg6.jpg
The Caravan travels back & forth on its trade route.  After its southern stop & when it heads north and it gets to 45,75 west of Mannoroc Canyon one of the goblins shouts it needs help being escorted.  At this point it'll have a yellow "!" above its head.

Easy if you're 35+.
All npc caravan members will help kill if the mobs are close enough.
Two to three fights of about 3 mobs each, all lv 34-38 range IIRC.
You can heal any NPC if they get low on health.
If you fight a mob that isn't part of quest, any mob on side of road, if you bring it close enough to caravan they'll start killing it too. | Subject: "What happens..."
Tried as a lvl 34 priest...

As far as I've seen there are 3 waves:

Each wave:
lvl39-40 Sorceress,
lvl38-39 Infernal (fire immune),
lvl37-38 Demon

I failed because the last wave just killed one of the NPC's just before the wave was killed... >_<

Also... I wasn't able to heal the NPC's you have to guard =/

The trick is to NOT GET INVOLVED too much :D
Just help a little with the lvl39-40 Sorceress but don't attract too much aggro.
The Kodo's can handle the other 2 baddies. | Subject: "Fairly easy at lvl 40"
The Caravan made 3 stops with with 3-4 mobs per stop.
The kodo will charge against mobs so just pick one at the time.

Return the Quest at 62,62. | This is one of a pair of caravan escort quests, the other being  Bodyguard for Hire. The caravan in question patrols back and forth between Kormek's Hut and the junction just north of Gelkis Village in the south, following the eastern road past Kolkar Village, then along the road that passes through Mannoroc Coven.

This quest is done on the northward journey.

Rough timeline is as follows:
00:00 Caravan arrives from it's previous southward journey. Super-Seller 680 spawns.
10:00 Rigger Gizelton says "Time for the Gizleton Caravan to head on out! We'll be back soon but if you cannot wait, head north to Kormek's Hut. We open shop in about an hour." Super-Seller 680 despawns. Caravan sets off eastwards.
10:56 Caravan halts just outside Mannoroc Coven. Rigger Gizelton yells zonewide "This is Rigger Gizelton asking for assistance escorting my caravan past Mannoroc Coven. I'm on the road east of Shadowprey village." The quest then becomes available from Cork.
Once the quest is accepted, the caravan proceeds at a walking pace through Mannoroc Coven

There are three ambushes by Coven demons (infernals, succubi, felhounds).

After the third ambush, the caravan continues a little further, then halts briefly once it clears the Coven, where the quest objective is completed. The caravan then continues on at normal pace to the far end of its route.
~23:00: Caravan arrives at destination (time dependant on ambush delays).
You don't need to stay with the caravan after the quest objective is completed and can go hand in the quest at Scrabblescrew's Camp (where the Kodo Collection quest is done).
Last edited by Ozbert on 2019/09/12