# Quest ID: 600
# Quest Title: Venture Company Mining
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=600
# There are a couple "types" of goblins there. This quest can become difficult really quick because:
- The goblins respawn fast
- They have a ranged fire (dynamite) attack
- They're small and hard to see and it's easy to pull 2
- There are "Supervisor" type mobs that wander the entire area, once again making multiple pulls (and death) easy if you don't watch closely

If you are soloing, I recommend staying out of the back cave area. You'll easily get overcome by respawns if you aren't killing fast enough. The quest is doable by staying on the outside area of the camp, and just moving left to right and killing the outer most mobs. | Subject: "Just do this."
Just kill all the guys at 40,44 THey drop it.. | Goblins can be found at 41,41. | Subject: "Details"
The goblins you need to kill in this quest are NOT the ones on the far north end of Stranglethorn as you might think. They are located just south of the Bali'Amah ruins, east of the main trail. There are some hills south of the ogre mound, yet west of the Zul'Mamwe ruins. You'll find numerous "Venture Company Strip Miners" as well as "Foremen", and other goblins in the area. They are grouped fairly tight together, so multiple-add pulls are common. Most of these goblins are 41 and above. There are also Venture Co. Tinkerers who will spawn mechanical pets during a fight, so be prepared. However, every goblin that is 40 or higher can potentially drop the crystals. | Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
I got 3300 XP for completing this quest at level 40 (plus a nice mace). My experience with Booty Bay "increased". | Subject: "False Information"
Okay.
The real coords are : 40,43
Up in the hills,west of the cave
Kill them goblin-strip miners! | You may wish to watch out for Shadowmaw Panthers getting to location 41, 41. They and Stranglethorn Tigresses are skulking about.

The dynamite ranged attacks are a pain; if you're in a group try and remain split up so that not everyone gets their spell interrupted! The dynamite can distract you long enough that the goblin can close the distance and start hitting you. I was taking between 190 - 220 damage on average from those attacks.

I would reiterate that the respawn rate here is *scary*. And the drop rate of crystals is low enough to become a little frustrating. | Subject: "Location of Miners"
So poeple can find this location with out the use of cosmo like addons. The goblins are located on a set of hills that are situated as follows.
East of the road, south of the Balia'Mal ruins, West of the Zul"mamwe ruins, and north of Crystalvein Mine. The area between the road and the hills has tigerress roaming all over it. Drop rate is 1 crystal for ever 3-4 kills. But every goblin there can drop a crystal. | Subject: "Thanks for the Help"
I appreciate all the posts because I would have spent hours killing those dumb basilisks on the assumption that this actually had anything to do with the Crystal Vein mine. Basilisks are OK for grinding but only if you're a skinner. Half of the ones I whacked dropped nothing, nada, zippo; but the skins are worth 4-6S apiece at the AH. They also have this annoying "invisible stun" trick, where you've been stunned but don't know it until you try to do something to them. Very annoying for casters like my druid.

As the previous posters have said, take out the outlying goblins and try not to aggro the others because they sometimes come out in twos & threes, which is annoying at best and can be fatal to us leather & cloth armor guys. Fortunately the druid's travel form is good for escaping if you're not being stunned to death.

I found the crystal drops to be about 1 in 5 but the goblins dropped lots of other stuff like 2S, silk cloth, and a 1-handed sword (BoE-lvl 41) that the vendor paid 45S for. Not bad.

Edit:(7-2007) Can't believe I'm still here but where else would I be?

I have since done this quest with several other classes. It's neither easy nor really a lot of fun, and the rewards (unless you are looking for the specific items) are not worth the aggravation and armor repair bill.

But what I've had some luck with is saving the quest until you are 42 or 43, at which point it becomes a lot easier and even a little more satisfying as you mash these obnoxious twerps into the dirt and flatten their dime-store, erector-set robots. Not fun yet but.... | Subject: "<Blank>"
Get them from  Venture Co. Strip Miners  North of the Crsyalvein Mine but South of Balia' Mah Ruins. They camp ou in the mountains | Subject: "<Blank>"
loc is at 41,41

drop rate is about 1 in every 3....

great spot but be careful LOADS THERE!