# Quest ID: 6024
# Quest Title: Hameya's Plea
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6024
# You pick up this quest somewhere around Zaeldar the Outcast if I remember.

For this quest you have to ride up to Zul'Mashar. You will easily find the path as it's full of troll scouts, around level 57 mobs. They have some drain life ability, they enrage and it gets harder and harder as you try to reach the top. You will find the mobs hard to kill as the cannibals are level 58-59 so you might as well can kamikaze, stealth or run in and die safely to corpse run. They also call for help so if you think you were safe, think again! You can get hexed, shot at, almost anything.

Inspector Hameya (71,16 or so) is a level 60 Humanoid that patrols around the graveyard - you can easily pull him solo but chances are you will also pull a mossflayer along with him so be careful. He doesn't do a lot of damage so he's fairly easy at level 58.

After you loot the key from him, run back to The Undercroft (28,86) and complete your quest on the mound of dirt in the back of the mausoleum, right next to a broken cart. There you go, rewards are crap but you might want to keep a cloak in case you need some extra arcane resistance! | Subject: "Who cares how u did it"
Where is this guy,and unless u have tips for the people of that class, stop bragging about how u soloed it easily casuse to tell ya the truth no one gives a damn on how u soloed it, they just want tips or want to find the NPC. | Subject: "How to Find Hameya"
  If you follow the road all the way NORTH through the eastern plague lands to the norther border and then follow the mountains EAST you will find a path guarded by trolls. Head UP (north) the path and you will find the area that everyone has been refering to. Fight your way (or stealth if you can) AROUND the graveyard and to the base of the temple.
  When you fight a SCOUT you will need to make sure you use an ability on them so they cant run away on your FIRST SHOT, or they will bring a number of other adds along with them. IF THIS DOSE HAPPEN! run up the temple steps and jump off to the side of the stairs. It will take a moment but you will eventually get out of combat and be able to go try again.
    Kill the mob at the bottom of the temple stairs, and use a ranged attack to pull the mobs one by one away from the graves. If you get too close to the graves there are mob that will spawn and wipe you out FAST. Wait for the Name to track around the side closest to you and use ranged to pull him back. Simple as pie. | Subject: "Tips"
To start the quest: In the very bottom of the Undercroft (tomb full of undead trolls) there is a rather large scroll that gives the quest.

To reach Hameya: Follow the road towards Light's Hope Chapel, continuing North. Continute pass Northdale (tiny area with a small lake with broken houses) until it says you've entered the troll area (Zul'Marsh, or something like that). Ride up the mountain, or kill the mobs in the way or that have attacked you. At the very top should be a large clearing: a huge temple on the opposite side, with a couple litte buildings to the left and right, and graves in the front.

To find/kill Hameya: Its best not to even approach the graves, for three reasons: 1. They mobs there are close together, making it hard to pull one at a time, 2. Stepping to close to the graves makes additional undead trolls spawn, and 3. Hameya may suddenly attack you. It easier to edge around the graves, taking out the one or two trolls along the sides until you reach the temple stairs. Chances are you may have to kill the two troll scouts patroling up and down the temple. Once there, you will notice that Hameya circles around the graves, so he is easy to point out. There is also a space where there are no other troll mobs - that is the area you can pull him. Even classes without a range attack can get close enough without pulling aggro from the graves or other trolls (Paladins), but Hameya is a bit tough, especially for those 55-57. Stun lock him or keep him away from you. He may curse, poision, or disease you, so beware of the debuffs. Once he dies, head all the way back to the Undercroft.

To turn in quest: Head all the way to the Undercroft. To the left side of the building, there is a patch of dirt that you turn the key to. It is right alongside the building, so dont look at the graves. The quest reward is 90 silver, a sword, and a cape. | Subject: "How to find Hameya"
All you guys have missed ONE important point.  None of you has actually said how to GET to the place where Hameya is found. You are all so pumped up (like other writers have said) on how EASY you found this guy to kill..... But nobody has actually recorded the ROUTE to follow to get to Hameya. We are all 55+ if we are reading this page, so we DON'T need to be told how to take him down. Ferget yer own MAJOR triumph, kiddies! Use yer experience to help others .... which is what these forums are for. | Subject: "he is at"
located right in the middle of zul mashar
loc somewhere around 71,17 | Subject: "Hameya's Loc"
Hameya is  at 70, 17 in the upper northeast corner of the zone. There are graves there as well. | Subject: "Delivery loc"
Deliver to 27,85 behind a small house.

Utahmar | Subject: "Quest start"
You start it at the Undercroft Tomb. Right where Zaeldar(sp?) the Outcast is. Scroll is on the ground. | Subject: "Could be easy if ..."
You have vanish/stealth or FD (feign death).  These trolls hit fairly hard, but the main issue is all their attacks and effects.  They tend to have a high aggro radius for L57, 58 & 59s.  They also have lots of nasty attacks doing shadow dmg, nature dmg along with typical rogue/warrior & hunt movies such as hamstring, confuse, and the troll special "frogging".

A Night Elf should have less trouble as they can shadow meld, but AFAIK either druids or NEs will have issues if they aggro to much.  These guys run when low on health and (again) they frequently bring others with them (before they attack you even).  This could be the result of the 1.10 (really should be 1.20) patch.

If you have no 'de-aggro' abilities this gets tricky - unless you like to die.

Your best bet would be to ride up to the barial mounts in Zul Masha'r.  Becareful not to aggro too much.  You can also take out some small mobs as need to help reduce aggro and give yourself more space to run.  Its key to use hamstring, concussion blow, revenge (with stun -if you have it) and anything else that will slow them down. 

The good thing is most of them are not undead and the undead ones tend to die off every so often.  When I pulled Hameya I got one ad.  I was able to kill Hameya fairly quickly, but even using concussion blow and 1st aid I was down to 137 health at the end of combat.  My nat res was around 61 and shadow res was around 83 and that did help, but maybe move tanking gear (def, amor & stam) would have helped...

On my way out I noticed a Pali with the Judgment crown getting ganked by six trolls... so - being that I was fully healed- I charged in and we took them down, but these guys swarm like flies (the pali was probably being a little careless to) and its fairly easy for these guys to dismount you with their knock down and frogging abilites.

Also to finish up the quest it is slight confusing because there are two mounts of dirt behind the Undercroft.  One is for the Tirion Fordring quest (that leads to Orante Adamantium Brest Plate).  The mound of dirt for this quest is just behind the Undercroft and next to a wheelbarrow.  The other mound is next to Fordring's grave.

The Tirion quest requires full tanking gear (for warrs) as five grave digger types jump you.  If you prepair - with a few pots, buffs (sharpening, good food buffs, etc..) and can charge in - a good tank with all teir 0+ tanking gear should be able to tank them (but its tough and you also should clear out as many moss flayers as possible).

And some info besides I solo'd this or that or I p0wned this (esp when you ad no other details) is just stupid n00bzers posting.  Details are key. | Subject: "Hameya infiltrator is at.."
The Hameya Infiltrator paces around at the bottom of the temple's stairs. you can pull him solo if you wait for him to walk away from the other mobs, you just have to make sure and kill the scout/hunter at the bottom of the stairs or else they will cause you problems.

Also I think someone mentioned not to step on the graves I think they spawn more undead guys. I am a paladin and finished this at lvl 56, so it is very doable if you time it right :)

PS the shadow guys at the top of the temple don't seem to aggro, so if you are in deep trouble you can run up to the top of the temple, it seems to be out of the mobs' aggro range. Not sure if this is a bug or intentional but it helps.