# Quest ID: 609
# Quest Title: Voodoo Dues
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=609
# Subject: "[b]What I have to offer[/b]"
I found Jon-Jon and Maury at the Ruins of Jubawai (35,53)&(35,52). Chucky at the Ruins of Aboraz (40,58).  At Jubawai, Jon-Jon is by the campfire, and Maury is inside a set of walls. Chucky was on the side of the ruins facing the beach, just outside the walls in a corner.

NOTE: the (X,Y) are for use with an add-on. I use Titan and it has not given me any problems. You can get it at:
http://ui.worldofwar.net/ui.php?id=576

Just down load the file extract the zipped folder and put it in the following folder tree:
c:\program files\worldofwarcraft\interface\addons\(TITAN)
Restart WoW and it should be ready to go. If the folders metioned are not there then just create them.

Good Luck :) | Maury's Clubbed Foot & Jon-Jon's Spyglass are both found in the Ruins of Jubuwal (35,50) You can pick up Chucky's Huge Ring in the Ruins of Aboraz (40,58) | come'on tell the right Coord man!
Maury : 35.51
Jon-Kon : 34,51 ( near Camp Fire )
Chuckey, 40,58 | Subject: "Locations"
Jon-Jon the Crow and Maury "Club Foot" Wilkins are in the Ruins of Jubuwai, which is just to the east of the main trail in Stranglethorn. There are Zanzil Hunters (undead lvl 42-44), Zanzil Witch Doctors, and Naga's around this camp. It is a good idea to have the "Zanzil's Secret" quest when you do this one, because the mobs surrounding them drop the Zanzil mixtures needed for that quest.

The third part of this quest is to kill Chucky "Then Thumbs", who is located in the "Ruins of Aboraz", near Zanzil himself on the East cost of Stranglethorn. You can get here by going through "Mistvale Valley", where the elder mistvale gorillas are located. You'll see two small trails on the NE corner of that area. One leads to the Troll Shaman's cave where you continue the "Stranglethorn Fever" quest, and the farthest back leads to the coast where the Ruins of Aboraz are located. You can also just swim north along the water up from the beach where you find the Bloodsail Buccaneer boats. Be careful when pulling the ruins, because Zanzil himself is inside (level 46).

All three of these mobs are non-elite, and were all level 43 if I recall correctly. | Make sure you pick up  Zanzil's Secret before you head out for this quest. The mobs surrounding the three targets for this quest all drop the quest item you need for  Zanzil's Secret.
Last edited by TheOnyx on 2009/08/06 (Patch 1.12.1) | Subject: "Experience/Reputation"
I completed this at level 41 and recieved 3750 XP and an "increase" in my reputation with Booty Bay. | Subject: "Zanzil's Secret"
This quest combines well with the Zanzil's Secret quest.  For that quest you have to kill the other undeads at these two locations and pick up "mixtures" that they drop.  Be sure to have both before starting out. | Subject: "ruin of aboraz"
ruins of aboraz are found at 39,59 | Subject: "<Blank>"
the other two are at 35:53 and 35:52 | While you'll be able to pull Chucky by himself, the other two will come with at least one other mob. The one near the fire will come with one add, and the one in the small enclousure in Jubuwal will come with two other mobs, so be prepared.
Last edited by TheOnyx on 2009/08/06 (Patch 1.12.1) | This quest follows on to 'Cracking Maury's Foot' (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=613) | Subject: "Locations for the items"
The first two are in the ruins across from the Arena in STV:34,51

Chucky is at 40,58.

They are NOT humans, they are undead. | Subject: "Re: Voodoo Dues [609]"
the others have been done to death, but for those still having issues getting to chucky, you have 2 options

1) go in through the small dotted path by the arena.

2) walk along the shore.

If you're under 43 I'd suggest option one.  Just because you'll run into a bunch of the bloodsail guys. 

Quest is easy once you find them, just don't go crazy when you do.