# Quest ID: 610
# Quest Title: "Pretty Boy" Duncan
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=610
# Subject: "where he spawns"
found him at 27,70 | If done carefully, you can pull each mob out surrounding him and kill them one by one.
People often grind here, so if you're lucky Duncan may be all by himself.
A useful tip is that if you're too lazy to kill the mobs around him yourself, or you're incapable of doing so, tag a mob and run back to Booty Bay. At the entrance of the tunnel to BB, there are 2 level 60 guards who will make quick work of the Pirates. This way, you can isolate Duncan easily. | Subject: "Easy kill"
Pretty Boy is a fairly easy kill, though he does tend to be in a camp with a few other mobs hovering nearby.

Either take your time clearing the camp, or have a partner, and this is very easy. Just make sure the casters are taken out! | Subject: "Easy to do!"
I just jumpt of the pier whre the boat leaves from..  short swim in the the bridge in front of the waterfall...  Pretty Boy is at the camp by the littel boat.  I had to try twice (the first time I got the hole bunch after me :S) but the second time I used a Frostbolt and pulled him out in the sea by himself..
And me - a level 36 Mage - had no problem killing him at all! | Subject: "Soloed at 37"
The way to solo this is to creep around the camp (assuming you have some form of sealth) and jumping into the water behind "Pretty Boy"'s camp. Once he's separated enough from his group, just pull him into the water and kill him.

If you get a link, just run and try again.

It's much easier this way than trying to kill the fast-respawning mages (fireball hurts) and raiders (who love to net you over and over and over). | Each of the mobs near his camp (27, 70) can be picked out one by one, this is easily soloable in the lower 40s.

- SJ