# Quest ID: 611
# Quest Title: The Curse of the Tides
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=611
# The altar is at 25, 24. | Subject: "Location"
Stranglethorn Vale
* The Vile Reef
* Coords: 24,23 (water) | This quest is fairly simple, but you may struggle to complete it.

First recommendation, before going any further, is to find a source of waterbreathing. Bring a  Warlock for  Unending Breath, or acquire an  Elixir of Water Breathing (whether from your own  Alchemy or the auction house).

For this quest, you're going to be using  Catelyn's Blade, which you 'borrowed' from "Pretty Boy" Duncan earlier, on the Altar of Tides to spawn Gazban who you need to slay to loot the  Stone of the Tides. You're going to need to travel to the Altar of the Tides in the Vile Reef in Stranglethorn Vale, which is underwater just off the coast of Bal'lal Ruins at coordinates (24.96, 23.58). The Altar itself is pretty obvious, with a large blue aura protruding upwards a fair distance into the open ocean.

Once there, you're going to need to clear the area around the Altar. This is the hardest part of the quest, and you may need to form a group with at least one other player to accomplish this at the appropriate level. The Altar is surrounded, underwater, by a large amount of Elite Murlocs—such as the Saltscale Warrior and Saltscale Oracle—which you will at least need to clear from the immediate vicinity in order to interact with the Altar. As typical of Elite mobs, these Murlocs hit hard and have high health pools (easily clearing 3000 HP.)

When you've cleared enough Murlocs that you can reach the Altar without aggroing any, interact with the altar to spawn Gazban. He is rather weak, especially compared to the Murlocs you just dealt with. Shortly after being engaged, he transforms into a Water Elemental. However, unlike other Water Elementals, Gazban is not immune to frost damage in this form.

Killing Gazban allows you to loot the  Stone of the Tides from his corpse. This will be your prize, and you can now return to Baron Revilgaz in Booty Bay to claim your reward. | Subject: "Just buy Waterbreathing pot"
This quest was very easy with water breathing... also I am lvl 44 hunter now.

I also swam around the area (quite beautiful) and found a lot of giant clams (4)

The location is correct 24,23. If you do not have cosmos get it!... no just kidding.

This location is just Southeast of the vile reef island with all the water elementals. Look for a big rock sticking out of the water (just south of the rock). If you are a hunter with tracking it will be easy to spot all the murlocs grouped together.

And yes Gazban turns into a water elemental. | This quest confuised me abit.
Order:
Get Catelyn's Blade from "Pretty boy" Duncan.
Go to Booty Bay with Dagger.
THEN go to the Altar, at the Cords 25,24.
Kill the spawn that comes when you use the dagger, and go back to Booty Bay. | Gazban: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=2624 | Subject: "not broken"
I tried 3-4 times to open the sarcophagus with no avail, then i tried to move around it.
It will not work if you are standing above it, you need to right click on the knife while standing on the ledge where the "coffin" is located in order for the mob to come out | For those with out any type of map coord's (like myself ... mods won't work for some reason) the altar is WELL below water close to where you'll see the very tall slab of rock jutting from the water's surface. It is on the opposite side from the shore, between the slab and the shore, so to speak ... it has some type of glowing aura around it . I submitted a couple screenies ... the "slab" and underwater from it.