# Quest ID: 6134
# Quest Title: Ghost-o-plasm Round Up
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6134
# When the ghosts show up, they are not hostile. The ghosts with a blue aura can be pulled without worrying about aggroing more ghosts. The ghosts with the green aura act as normal though, so if you pull one of them, you will pull all the nearby green aura-ed ghosts.

For every ghost you kill, another will show up, walking towards the magnet. Use that to your advantage by pulling new ghosts before they get too close to the magnet. If ghosts aren't showing up or if all the existing ghosts have the green aura, just wait for your magnet to decay. All the ghosts will disappear and you can place a fresh magnet. | Subject: "coords:"
its at about 64,91 | Place the provided crate atop the little hill at about 63,89 to use the crate and summon the ghosts. | Subject: "Tips on Completion"
Having recently completed this quest, here are a few pointers to sucess.

First, the location where you drop the magnet is in a horseshoe area to the right of the Magram area. You will see that the entrance is sunken a bit in the terrain and you can see a huge arch before entering the area. You will know you are in the right area if you see skeletons walking around.

Once you enter the horseshoe, you need to clear the area, so start killing the skellies and then the necromancers. If you can interrupt the casters, do so as quickly as possible as they summon more skellies. Once you get to the "bend" in the horseshoe, that is the location where the magnet needs to be activated. You will know you are in the right location because the walls of the area will widen and you will have a good sized open area between the two giant skeleton bones on either side.

If you look at the ground, you will see a slight depression in the ground right in the middle of that open area. That is where you can place the magnet as that is the center of the open area and gives you room to work.

If you are soloing, you will need to re-activate the magnet several times. After you have cleared the area, right click on the magnet in your inventory and wait for it to activate (it will be about a 2-3 second delay). Then, immediately back up away from the magnet and up against one of the walls. Immediately, you will see the centaur ghosts appear. Five (5) will appear at first and each one you kill results in another appearance of a ghost. At this point, the ghosts will be neutral and then become angry when they realize what is happening. So, you have about three seconds to pull away from the ghosts, which is plenty of time. You will see text on your screen indicating what the centaurs are doing.

Wait for one of the centaur ghosts to pull away from the pack and pull that one to you. DO NOT go after it or you will aggro the other ghosts. Kill the ghost you have pulled and loot the plasm. If you pull when the ghosts are too close, you will pull more than one. They have a short link range for the aggro, so when there is some space between the centaurs pull one.

If you are soloing, then you will be able to pull and kill two centaurs before having to re-activate the magnet again. The ghosts will vanish into thin air. You should use the time between magnet reactivations to clear the area of any skellie or necromancer spawns that will pop up several times during your quest. Then, just repeat the process until you have your eight plasm.

When you are done, let the magnet expire and the ghosts disappear and then you will probably have to fight your way out of the horseshoe.

Just take your time, keep your distance and wait for the centaurs to separate before pulling.

Good luck! | Be warned they curse you with "Curse of the Fallen Magram" which increases all damage taken by 15%. | Note that the ghosts that spawn are lvl 38-40 and there are a couple of lvl 40 patrolling centaur that summon lvl 38-39 skeletons, so while you can get the quest at 34, you might want to go in either with a party, or after you've achieved a couple more levels. (Or be ready to die a few times.) --36 demonology spec warlock--