# Quest ID: 6143
# Quest Title: Other Fish to Fry
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6143
# Subject: "<Blank>"
This quest is good for experience, though if you die there is a long walk back from the Kodo Graveyard. Here is some information about this quest:

Slitherblade Myrmidon: (Warrior) Can be found at the small island at (33,22). There are also Sorceresses here sometimes. They have a high attack speed.

Slitherblade Sorceress: (Mage) Can be found along the coastline (34,37) to (41,22), or at the aforementioned island. However, they are not farther out than that - there are different spellcasters out there. They cast frostbolt.

Slitherblade Naga: (Warrior) Can be found along the coastline (34,37) to (41,22). They are a basic fighting class.

You probably will encounter other nagas during this quest, including different Warriors and Paladins. You know you'll have gone too far if you have come to Ranazjar Isle, and while there are Myrmidons here, some of the mobs on the island are out of the quest level range (36+). There are plenty of frost enemies around so Cold resistance is good, and water breathing or swim speed potions could be beneficial as well.

Other stuff:

- Good for rogues (Moldy and Waterlogged footlockers around)
- Good for herbalists (tons of stranglekelp)
- Helps to be on the Clam Meat quest, as they are close to each other.
- Watch out for the Deepstrider Searcher, 39+ Elite giant that wanders around the coast. | Subject: "Coordinates."
Found around 40,17 under the water. | Subject: "Another quest!"
Make sure you've picked up the quest "Claim Rackmore's Treasure!" at location 36,30 (it's a book) before you do this quest.
This far (I'm on the quest right now) the Slitherblades has dropped one of the required quest items.