# Quest ID: 6185
# Quest Title: The Eastern Plagues
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6185
# Subject: "coordinates"
1. 28,79
2. 27,74
3. 28,74 | Subject: "No need to engage Blightcaller"
This was quite a lot easier than it seems, because like the description says, this is a reconnaissance quest. The objective is to collect information about the enemy without engaging him (Blightcaller). The first remains can be found near the road on the North side between the bridge to WPL and the intersection to Darrowshire. I missed it riding through from West to East, but when I turned around and went back towards the West, it was easy to spot off of the right side of the road. The second remains can be found if you go due North from the first remains into the Marris Stead area and they are on top of one of the small knolls. From that spot if you turn and face West you should be able to the the house, Blightcaller, and the third remains. I just crept up to the remains from behind the little knoll until the curser became gold and looted them. It's uncomfortably close to the Elite and his hounds, but I drew no aggro at lvl56 and just sauntered away. It's very likely that's how the quest is designed to work (reconnaissance not combat), but the leeway is probably very small and creeping any closer to the remains than necessary is likely to draw aggro from Blightcaller. | Subject: "Locations"
Nathanos Blightcaller's location is in front of the house at 26, 74.  This is labeled on the map as "The Marris Stead" and is just north of Darrowshire.

The remains of the SI:7 Operatives look just like human bones of any dead player, don't get confused and startlooking at every little pile of yellow bones littered around the house.  They don't move at all (once you get them they don't disappear so its ok to do this as a group).

Fredo: 27, 74 | Right infront of the Blightcaller, on top of a little mound
Turyen: 28, 74 | A little ways East, but still directly infront of Blightcaller, on top of a hill
Rutger: 28, 79 | Either follow the road East until you see him, or head directly SW from BlightCaller | Subject: "FOR THE OLD.. (like me) or JUST REALLLY SLOW"
AND for those WITH OUT coordinates

If you look at the 'marris stead' place it looks like a horse shoe.  Down the middle of the horse shoe (if you notice on your mini map) there is a string of hills.. 2 of the bodies are on those little hills.  CAREFUL..this elite croud is a 40man.. MANY ADDS.. BIG WIPE-O!... but if you are aware of your agro.. you will be fine.

The bodies look like players dead bodies after they have rezd.. just an outline of bones ...

the 3rd body is south of the horse shoe near the road.. like maybe 10ft off the road at best.. 50 if you are a gnome HA! :D

I hope this helped ppl a bit more. | The three insignias are very close to the Blightcaller himself, a house up North from the road as you've entered the Eastern Plaguelands, almost on the same line as The Undercroft.

One is located on a hill in facing the house, the other is near the road (Rutger) and one on a hill closer to the Blightcaller.

You have to turn it in back at Chillwind Camp then report to Highlord Bolvard Fordragon in Stormwind Keep | Subject: "co-ordinates"
For those using Cosmos:

Rutger - 28,79
Fredo - 27,7
Turyen - 28,74 | Subject: "Map for corpses"
http://i131.photobucket.com/albums/p297/kalbur1/map.jpg | When you go to pick up the insignias, make sure you're not in a raid group, because you wont be able to click them.