# Quest ID: 6282
# Quest Title: Harpies Threaten
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6282
# Subject: "Locations"
30,60 Harpies in view (beware Bloodfury Ripper elite)
33,66 Ambushers in view
31,71 Roguefeathers in view

Was unable to locate a cluster of Slayers. By the time the first Slayer found me, I had all  RogueFeathers and Ambushers, and 6 Harpies.

Note that in addition to all the harpies you are after, there are just as many harpie types that you are not interested in, mostly Windcallers and Stormwitches, and two elites "Sister Riven" (28) and "Bloodfury Ripper" (26).  Non-harpies include basilisks, fire elementals, stone elementals, and chimeras.
There are hills scattered throughout the Charred Vale where you can look around without being bothered, and mining is great (mithril, tin, silver, iron).

Recommend clustering "Harpies Threaten" with "New Life" and "Elemental War". | In Stonetalon is a place called the Charred Vale (coords: 35, 58).

You can find the harpies in there ^_^

You can also get there from a shortcut path at Sun Rock Retreat (coords: 44, 64). | Subject: "Stay to the East"
I have run this mission on both alliance and horde several times and the biggest problem seems to be the flight patterns and mob density. Even people just trying to get through to Desolace or Stonetalon are going to run afoul of plenty of the mobs that are needed for this quest and there are two types in the respawn that are irrelevent to any quest on either side [Windcallers and Storm Witches]. So when any of what we are needing die, there is a chance that they will be respawned as a 'useless' mob [in relation to this quest]. That is why it is often very difficult to find the particular Harpy you need. You may just want to kill Windcallers [Storm Witches are farther East than we need to go for this mission] for a bit and hope the other types spawn [Harpy, Roguefeather and Slayers are red, Ambushers are colored as Windcallers].

You can stay along the edges predominately between the two Stonetalon entrances, though. The Roguefeathers and slayers are near the path to Sun Rock [SE charred Vale] while the Harpy and Ambushers are in the NE near the Stonetalon path from the Charred Vale. Ambushers will also extend to the point at 12 o'clock if you are looking at the map of the vale [due North]. There is no need to go farther west and if you see the Ripper [a blue harpy [elite]]. Then you have reached the edge of what you need for this mission.

And if you think this is a pain, wait till you have to hit Naga for 2 hours on a small island in Desolace waiting for them to drop ONE item.