# Quest ID: 6301
# Quest Title: Cycle of Rebirth
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6301
# Subject: "easy"
this one was fairly easy, you dont even have to kill anything except the venomspitters which are lvl 17-18, beware of the pridewings, they are sorta easy to kill but if they link your toast. I did this at lvl 20 an didnt die a single time collecting the seeds. the second quest is another story.

What you are looking for is little nuts on the ground near the trees, you open them and get a gaea seed. for those that are tauren and did the amencorn+well stone quest, the sprite is exactly the same. happy hunting ;) | Subject: "Hellstream (LvL 28 Warrior ) Guild - The Killers"
It's at 48.40 the seeds are little brown pods that spawn on the ground around the lake in Stonetalon peak.

And my name will be written in the Book Of Legends | very very easy quest.
first, you head north to Mirkfallon Lake. You cannot miss this lake so keep going north untill you see it.
Once you get to the Lake, you find Seeds on the ground, and you loot them. They are pretty big for a seed and it's colored brown, so it isn't too hard to find it.
There are mobs around the Lake but, you can always dodge these.
if your going to kill it, it's around lvl 23. | Lake starts at 50,45. Easy, they are the big brown things all around the lake. | Subject: "info"
As the quest says, just head to Mirkfallen Lake. Easy to do, collect seeds and kill a bunch of mobs for sport.

My result:
You gain 1400 experience.
Your reputation with Thunder Bluff has increased.
Received 12 Silver.