# Quest ID: 637
# Quest Title: Sully Balloo's Letter
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=637
# Subject: "As An Aside"
The letter you get is really quite beautiful and touching.  Especially for being in a video game.  Someone at Blizzard really outdid themselves, I'd recommend you read it. | Subject: "Start NPC"
isn't really a very easily found NPC..

... first, he's dead. And you see only half of him.

... secondly, he's in the water, buried underneath a piece of rock. He's under the bridge (north end) leading to Arathi Highlands from the Wetlands. The crumbling one, not the one you walk over.

... thirdly, you have to mouse over the VERY tiny letter in his hand. Two of us passed over it numerous times before we actually found it. Must get very close to it.

From there, go to Iron Forge, pass the letter to Sara Balloo. She will then give you the next quest in this chain, A King's Tribute | Subject: "Waterlogged Letter - Thandol Span - Arathi Highlands"
44,93 Arathi Highlands map . Jump from the bridge into the water, and find the letter in the sand, near a dead body. Right click on the letter, accept the quest, and take it to the Military Ward in Ironforge. Requires level 25 to start the quest. The quest is located under Ironforge in your quest log. | Path out of the water is at Arathai Highlands 53.51, 91.27. | Subject: "Location"
This is at 44, 92 in the Arathi Highlands for those using Cosmos. | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fY1lmeL22jg (a dramatic reading)
A week before the Battle of Bull Run, Sullivan Ballou, a Major in the 2nd Rhode Island volunteers, wrote home to his wife in Smithfield:

July 14, 1861
Camp Clark, Washington

My very dear Sarah: The indications are very strong that we shall move in a few days — perhaps tomorrow. Lest I should not be able to write again, I feel impelled to write a few lines that may fall under your eye when I shall be no more …

I have no misgivings about, or lack of confidence in the cause in which I am engaged, and my courage does not halt or falter. I know how strongly American Civilization now leans on the triumph of the Government and how great a debt we owe to those who went before us through the blood and sufferings of the Revolution. And I am willing — perfectly willing — to lay down all my joys in this life, to help maintain this Government, and to pay that debt …

Sarah my love for you is deathless, it seems to bind me with mighty cables that nothing but Omnipotence could break; and yet my love of Country comes over me like a strong wind and bears me unresistibly on with all these chains to the battle field.

The memories of the blissful moments I have spent with you come creeping over me, and I feel most gratified to God and to you that I have enjoyed them for so long. And hard it is for me to give them up and burn to ashes the hopes of future years, when, God willing, we might still have lived and loved together, and seen our sons grown up to honorable manhood, around us. I have, I know, but few and small claims upon Divine Providence, but something whispers to me — perhaps it is the wafted prayer of my little Edgar, that I shall return to my loved ones unharmed. If I do not my dear Sarah, never forget how much I love you, and when my last breath escapes me on the battle field, it will whisper your name. Forgive my many faults and the many pains I have caused you. How thoughtless and foolish I have often times been! How gladly would I wash out with my tears every little spot upon your happiness …

But, O Sarah! If the dead can come back to this earth and flit unseen around those they loved, I shall always be near you; in the gladdest days and in the darkest nights … always, always, and if there be a soft breeze upon your cheek, it shall be my breath, as the cool air fans your throbbing temple, it shall be my spirit passing by. Sarah do not mourn me dead; think I am gone and wait for thee, for we shall meet again …

Sullivan Ballou was killed a week later at the First Battle of Bull Run. | Subject: "Sara Balloo's location in Ironforge"
Sara Balloo is in the Military Ward across from the main trainer's hall. | Subject: "Found it."
At 44,93 there is a dead body under a rock. Just near his hand is a small white parchment. It took me ages to find, was about to give up when I accidentally found it. :P | Subject: "Where The Guy Is..."
The coords actually is 44,93.

If you swim down to the ruins, there is part of a busted catapult. The arm of the catapult (the part with the basket) is leaning against a piece of wreckage. He is on the east (right) side of that.