# Quest ID: 6394
# Quest Title: Thazz'ril's Pick
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6394
# Subject: "***THIS IS WHERE IT IS***"
Go into the cave to the north where the vile familiars are walking around.

When you come to the first split, you can go left, straight, or right. Go STRAIGHT.

Now walk to the RIGHT, there should be a stream of water on your left. Follow that stream until it stops at a waterfall. The pick is large and glowing, is right next to the water, and is behind a column of rock.

If you still can't find it, the pick is in the middle of the entire cave (LOOKING FROM YOUR MINI-MAP, ZOOMED OUT MAX).

There you go! | Go into the cave to the north where the vile familiars are walking around.

When you come to the first split, you can go left, straight, or right. Go STRAIGHT.

Now walk to the RIGHT, there should be a stream of water on your left. Follow that stream until it stops at a waterfall. The pick is large and glowing, is right next to the water, and is behind a column of rock.

If you still can't find it, the pick is in the middle of the entire cave (LOOKING FROM YOUR MINI-MAP, ZOOMED OUT MAX).

There you go! | Subject: "good coordinates"
confirmed @ 43,53 | Subject: "where"
I took the center hallway from the main split. It was right against the far wall. A pick sticking out of the ground. | Subject: "Thazzrils Pick"
Easy quest. Enter the cave, then go in the middle of the cave and youll see the pick with a light shining on it. | Subject: "More than one waterfall"
There's more than one waterfall. If you take the right hand path, kill the named Orc (forgot his name :P) and then jump down you are at the wrong waterfall. The waterfall you want comes out of a wall, not down the stream. Face the wall that the water comes gushing out of, and its to the right. | It's at the source of the waterfall (43, 54) that's in the main chamber. Find the waterfall and follow it back to the source.