# Quest ID: 64
# Quest Title: The Forgotten Heirloom
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=64
# Subject: "Screenshot"
Hey thanks for the awesomely useless picture | Subject: "correct location of the watch"
the correct location of the watch is 49,19 | Coordinate: 49,19

The pocket watch is inside a cupboard that you can interact with. The cupboard itself is inside a small house that has 2 guards. One is a level 12 and another is a level 15 named. They are connected to each other, meaning that if you pull either of them, you will pull both.

Be extra careful especially if you are below level 15. My advice would be to kill the lower level first and then run away and heal up. And then come again to kill the other one. | Subject: "Coord and hints"
You can find the watch at:
49,19
[If you run on the road south away from the man you took the quest from, keep right.  It's the first farm to your right named Furlbrow's Pumpkin Patch.  You'll see a barn to the left and a house on the right, in front of all that is a large field.  The watch is inside the house, inside a dresser.]

There are two guards inside the building--level 12ish humanoids.

Rewards:
10x Freshly Baked Bread
10x Ice Cold Milk

Turn in (or take) the quest at:
60,19
[Without coords: Running from Elwynn Forest into Westfall, the guy greets you just after the bridge when you first enter Westfall.] | this quest is fairly easy, you can complete it without even killing anything, just go to the outside of the house and find where the pointer turns to gear. you should be able to pick the watch from the outside.(its the right wall as you face the door) | Subject: "very easy"
you do not have to get in the house to finish the quest. when you're looking at the front door go to the left side of the building. get very close to the wall and you can open the locker through the wall. | Subject: "cheat?"
You dont actually have to enter the house, just go to the left side of it (Side closest tot he barn) and approach the window. You can target the wardrobe from outside and get the watch