# Quest ID: 642
# Quest Title: The Princess Trapped
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=642
# Subject: "Location of Cave"
The path to the cave starts at 80,40 and the cave is at 81,36.  There's a crystal in the cave that you need to activate which sends you on the next part of the quest. | The path to the cave starts at 80, 40 and the cave is at 81, 36. (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=2573)
I am a warrior and I had little trouble, they run far away and pull a lot of guys so for me I hit them with hamstring so it slows them down. | Subject: "Where to turn it in"
Once you gather the twelve crystals, there is a large floating crystal on one of the higher paths in the cave.  The golden wheel will appear on mouse over.  Open it and you've turned in the quest and then can get the next in the string.

Does anyone but me think the programmers watched The Dark Crystal one too many times? | If you never PvP, the magic-using kobolds in this cave can demonstrate why warriors aren't too fond of fighting mages.

Watch for patrols. The magic users have both static spawn points where they simply walk around a few steps as well as much longer patrol routes. My level 37 warrior died twice thanks to fighting two frostbolting kobolds. | Subject: "where to go"
Where you need to go is this:  On the way to hammerfall there's a tree to the right of the path.  Go right past the tree up a slight incline.  There's a bunch of miner guys that you can kill for the emotes.  Next, when you're looking for the cave to turn in the quest, you'll see a tree on the mountain near where the first tree was...go behind that tree, and take the path to the left.  That'll lead you to the cave. | This quest can be started by finding the Shards of Myzrael at 62,33.

The cave is at Drywhisker Gorge (82,36).

You hand these up at 84,30 inside the cave. | If you are a miner, also grab all the Lesser Bloodstone Ore you can mine for the "Favor for Krazek" quest (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=627) you will need a lot of 4 for the quest.
I have also made a bit of gold farming this ore and putting lots of 4 in the AH in Booty Bay for 3g a lot. | As stated above: The path to the cave starts at 80, 40 and the entrance to the cave is at 81, 36. This quest has a great drop rate. Collect 6 before entering the cave. Once inside you will notice a 3 way fork (check your mini map). The right side will lead to a dead end with a drop off into the middle path but you may find a cest just before the drop. The left path & middle path ways meet a few yards in. If you look up on the left where they meet, you will notice the "Iridescent Shards" on top of a cliff. You will need to continue up the path away from it to the right to reach it. Just follow your mini map and you shouldn't have any trouble. Also found another chest on the way to the Shards. Highest level mob found: 38
Easy to single pull and solo as a 35 Human Mage. | Subject: "Experience"
I got 2300 XP for this at level 43.