# Quest ID: 6421
# Quest Title: Boulderslide Ravine
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6421
# Subject: "Coordinates"
The entrance To the ravine is 66.88 | Subject: "Boulderslide Info"
The cave is at the very back of the ravine, there are a few types of monsters in it, casters and melee.  The monsters respawn VERY quickly (2-3 minutes I would say) and there are many of them, so it is more fun with a group but easily soloed.  The good news about the respawn is that the crystals respawn fast too, so you don't have to go far to get 10.

The other aspect of the quest "explore the cave" just means to get to where you can see the pool of water and what is across it, so go straight ahead that far. | Subject: "Where to find"
the Cave is 62, 92

To find Mor you have to go up the path in Sunrock Retreat, that leads up into the mountains. Then turn left hes there with some water elemental.

You finish investigating when you reach near the water.

The guys in the cave are pretty strong I did this at lvl 20 and I died once, as a shaman. They have an instant 100 dmg earth shock.

THERE ARE 2 CAVES - THE RIGHT CAVE IS AT 62, 92
IN ONE OF THE CAVES THERE IS NOTHING AT ALL ITS JUST EMPTY.! THATS TH WRONG ONE | Subject: "Confirmed"
61.93 is the actual entrance to the cave, 67.86 is the entrance to the ravine.

None Cosmos directions, from Malaka 'Jin take the main road NW going through Grimtotem Post until you reach a side road.  There's a sign that points you to pertanent locations in Stonetalon, hang a left there.  Follow the road and take the cave on the right up the hill. | Subject: "Guide"
After you got the quest from the tauren upside a hill south for Sun Rock Retreat head south along the path. When you are near Malaka'Jin look to the right and you will discover a path leading you to the ravine. Follow the path and head to the right when youre inside the ravine. Then have fun attacking the kobolds. They respawn quick and the resonite crystals too. If youre rogue use stealth so you can discover the cave. When you reach a lake you discovered the cave. On the island in the lake there are plenty of resonite crystals you can pick up without being attacked by kobolds. Get your hearthstone ready and use it to get out of the cave.

Done it as a lv. 18 UD rogue.

Good luck and have fun | Stonetalon Mountains: 61, 91

Go into the cave and just run forward until you come to some water, walk in the water and then collect the crystals. | This is a prereq for https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6481