# Quest ID: 644
# Quest Title: Sigil of Trollbane
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=644
# Subject: "<Blank>"
enter stromgarde, go to the right, fight through the defenders that you got the fragments from. keep turning to the right and you'll end up on that bridge that you go under when you first enter. cross the bridge, take out the surrounding enemy, then enter the building and kill prince galen (a 44) and his two buddies.
not too tough with a group. | go into Strom, up hill, turn right, go into Ally side. Make way thru ally village turnignright, go across bridge. Prince ,Galem Trollbane drops the sigil. He's in a church looking thing at 28,58 | Subject: "Shortcut into Stromgarde!!"
There is a shortcut into Stromgarde in the NW corner of the castle leading into the Alliance area.  There is a crack in the corner of the wall that you can jump through.  This allows you to skip killing about 5 or 6 guards on your way in.

From this point, angle left and go across the bridge and you are at the chapel. | Subject: "Sigil of Trollbane"
Found Sigil at 28.58 in Stromgarde.

Once you enter stromgarde, take the first road to the  right, passt a few tombs and guards, continue right, cross the bridge, and he is right in front of you in the house.

Beware of mobs hiding on both sides of the path up to the house.

when you attack the prince, you will aggro 2 of his guards aswell, so be prepared. | Subject: "Re: Sigil of Trollbane [644]"
At 23,55/23,56 there is a breach in the wall (heading into strom, go right instead of going in and get round to the corner) you can walk trough.
This might save you time getting trough some guards.