# Quest ID: 6441
# Quest Title: Satyr Horns
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6441
# The Satyrs are located around (80,52) | Subject: "info"
Solo'd this one and it was fun beating on some demons for once. I managed to get all the horns in one area, Satyrnaar. While collecting horns I looted a ring, some nice boots, and some nice pants. Just follow the road east and when you pass the first bridge you'll see Satyrnaar on yout left. At the gate might one mob but he might be stealthy. Keep your eyes open in this area.

My results:
You gain 2100 experience.
Your reputation with Ratchet has increased.
Received 20 Silver. | Subject: "Correct coords..."
....are 82:52. | Subject: "saving you alot of time"
For those of you who find the satyrs in Satyrnaar too hard, there are much weaker ones at Night Run (67,55) which have pretty much the same drop rate. | This is a great quest to do along side Warsong Supplies, as you have to kill Satyrs to get to the Warsong Oil | Subject: "Not that bad"
I'm a 29 undead warlock and I found this quest pretty easy. Only took about 30 mins. Went to Satyrnaar (82,49 entrance). Couldn't find the oil though.

Bleakheart Satyr 5/7 kills (71%).
Bleakheart trickster 5/13 kills (38%).
Bleakheart Hellcaller 2/6 kills (33%).
Bleakheart Shadowstalker 4/12 kills (33%).

The Shadowstalkers use stealth, so, make sure you look out for them. Also, the respawn is quick. If you're a warlock, you should use your sense demons ability. It helps you avoid stealthed ones and look for the satyrs with the higher droprate. | The satyrs casts a curse called "Curse of the blackheart" wich I think is a pain in the ass, because it's stuns you random times for 3 minutes :(