# Quest ID: 647
# Quest Title: MacKreel's Moonshine
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=647
# Welcome to 2019 friends! Classic WoW is back again.

Here are some tips for this quest.

1. The only way to access this guy is by jumping to his little island. There are no direct bridges or anything. You must come from the north western side of the big bridge between Wetlands and Arathi Highlands. When you get closer to him, you'll notice that you might be able to jump. If you go to the corner of the walkway, there is a jagged extension that sticks out. Walk to the end of the jagged point and perform the best jump of your life. If you have any skill or racial that makes you go faster, use it. Night elves, you can kill yourself and use the wisp racial to make the jump if you reallllllly want to.

2. When you grab the quest, DO NOT HEARTH OR DIE. Jump off the ledge and into the water. (the quest gave me 3500xp, it was the last quest of this chain, so it is not required if you are having difficulties)

3. Start swimming north east and the mountainous shore of Arathi will dwindle down into a beach. Head up the beach and then west back into Arathi highlands.

4. I just completed this as level 28, it IS possible. Do your best to follow Arathi Highlands road paths. Avoid any and all enemies if you can. This does not apply if you are a badass and/or higher level and can just kill everything.

5. Head north on the road in Arathi, then take the road straight west to Hillsbrad. Once you're there, the enemy levels are back down to level ~25. Turn in the quest to the dwarf in the BASEMENT of the Inn at Southshore.
Last edited by Sonicsx on 2019/09/04 | How to do this quest:
Go to the coordinates 42.9, 90.0 in Arathi Highlands.
Once there, you'll see a broken off part of the bridge, which you need to jump onto. To make the jump, go to the pointy extension to the right of the bridge and jump over to the other side. This jump may be tricky, but some things can help:
 Druids  Cat Form with talent points in  Feline Swiftness,  Travel Form, or  Dash.
 Hunters  Aspect of the Cheetah, or  Aspect of the Pack.
 Mages  Slow Fall (requires  Light Feather).
 Paladins  Pursuit of Justice.
 Priests  Levitate (requires  Light Feather).
 Rogues  Sprint.
 Shamans  Ghost Wolf.
 Night Elf's  Wisp Spirit.
 Engineering exclusives  Goblin Rocket Boots or  Gnomish Rocket Boots.
Any of the following: Highlander's Boots/Defiler's Boots,  Enchant Boots - Minor Speed, The Postmaster,  Runeblade of Baron Rivendare,  Spirit of Zandalar,  Swiftness Potion,  Nifty Stopwatch,  Skull of Impending Doom,  Noggenfogger Elixir (until you are affected by the slow fall effect  Noggenfogger Elixir).
Any mount would also suffice.
Once on the other side, you can find Foggy MacKreel inside the doorway. Accept the quest  MacKreel's Moonshine (once doing so, you'll be provided  MacKreel's Moonshine and a quest timer of 15 minutes). According to user mawx888, you can also use your  Hearthstone, or any other teleportation. It won't fail the quest.
Jump into the water and start swimming towards 53.2, 91.5, where you can climb back up.
Make your way towards Hillsbrad Foothills by following the road. Once there, speak with Brewmeister Bilger to complete the quest.
Tip:
Once you jump into the water, dive down to 44.3, 92.9 and find the Waterlogged Letter near a dead  Dwarf. It'll give you  Waterlogged Envelope which will start the quest  Sully Balloo's Letter.
Last edited by 2030451 on 2019/12/10 | Subject: "on jumping and combo Q"
As an extra go through the Thandol Span series first, finish by grabbing Plea to Alliance from Rhag Garmason just south of the bridge first.  You can then swing by Refuge Pointe on your way to Southshore for a few extra xp.

The guy that gives this quest is in the remnants of the west bridge of Thandol Span. The only way to him is by jumping from the north side. 

Like guidomuse, I jumped from the right-hand curb.  It's a fairly easy jump if you can increase your jumping distance, eg. cat form, light fall, swiftness potion...  But, depite repeated attempts, it does not seem possible to make it sans buff. 

If you're in a party have one at a time try.  Once someone has it then the rest can go clear out the dwarves (see below) while s/he smims around to the 'ramp'.  Then share the quest.

Once you've made it across, fall to the water and swim east.  There's no mobs in the water here.  Don't bother heading into the little inlet you may notice, you just want the walk-able bank on the north side.  Head up this 'ramp' and you'll make it to the area where you destroyed the explosives in Thandol Span.

In Arathi Highlands there is a Horde group of 5 level 35's that walk this road from time to time, they're part of another quest.  Otherwise the worst is one or two low 30 mobs.

15 minutes is plenty of time to walk, run, swim, fly, hearth or dance your way to the town of Southshore.  Once at the SS inn, head toward the 'kitchen' and down to the cellar. 

Unfortunately, I missed the other quest mentioned, a letter near the base of the bridge.