# Quest ID: 6482
# Quest Title: Freedom to Ruul
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6482
# Subject: "A pain in the rump"
You meet Ruul inside the Thistlefur Village.  Go into the underground entrance at 38,30, then keep to the left when the path forks.  Ruul is the big polar bear in the wooden cage right where the path empties into the first big room.

You'll escort him out.  Be careful - as soon as you get back to the fork in the path, you'll be ambushed by three mixed Thistlefurs.  He'll head out the way you came in, go left from the entrance, down the hill, and then again to the left toward the gate. 

As soon as you get to the gate, expect another ambush (again, three mixed Thistlefurs.)  Be careful - a named level 25 sometimes appears in the gate area as well.  Once you're out the gate, he'll turn right and head a few yards down the hill before thanking you and sending you on to Splintertree for your reward.

I soloed this with a hunter at 25, but it was tough (I had to restart once).  I'd suggest clearing out all the thistles between the entrance and Ruul before you talk to him, otherwise you may find yourself fighting four or five when the ambush hits.

His sister is in the inn at the Splintertree Post.  I turned it in at level 26 for 2,400 XP, 17 silver, and 150 faction with Thunder Bluff.

If you combine this with another Thistlefur quest (Troll Charm and Between a Rock for me), it is worth the extra time. | Subject: "Easy if you don't get all the adds"
If a quest can go wrong, it will go wrong for me.  And boy did this one go wrong for my 25 warrior.  I didn't even know it existed, but had to go deep into the Thistlefur cave to find troll charms.  Normally they spawn in one area and I can get them there, but this time I ended up going all the way in and found Ruul caged.

Ran out with Ruul, and we were doing fine, even when an idiot shaman trained two adds onto us.  Things got a little hairy at the entrance to the cave, as a Pathfinder was patrolling into the area just as we started fighting the two Ursas that stand on either side of the entrance.  This of course aggroed the Pathfinder and the nearby Totemic.  We got through that fight ok, and I thought we were done.

But no, had to walk him out of the village.  He very nearly aggroed an entire camp of furbolgs by walking too close.  Right before the village entrance, we fought an Avenger and Shaman.  Not a hard fight but left me at about 70% health.

I didn't have a chance to do any healing before he aggroed the village gate guards, two Pathfinders.  For whatever reasons, my warrior had a lot of trouble just landing hits on the Pathfinders.  We managed to kill one, but then a nearby Shaman joined in, along with what appeared to be a two Avenger/single Shaman three-man patrol, a wandering spider and the patrolling furbolg leader.  For those keeping score, it was 25 warrior and 26 Ruul against seven enemies.  Suffice to say I died quickly and Ruul died about five seconds later.  It was about to get even worse, as one of the furbolgs started to run off, straight towards the nearest camp.

You have no control over Ruul, so be aware that he will walk into situations above if the time is right.  To be safe, bring a couple of friends. | Subject: "Horde only"
FYI this is a horde only quest. | Subject: "Stupid Ruul deserves to die in his cage"
To put it bluntly, Ruul is a friggin' moron. He *will* walk through the *middle* of the furbolg camps, so expect aggro and links from 5 to 10 mobs at a time.