# Quest ID: 6504
# Quest Title: The Lost Pages
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6504
# Be sure to bind the pages together with the same character you will be using them with.

Let's just say I learned this the hard way and now have a bank character with 3 soulbound chapters of the Shredder Operating Manual.... | Subject: "Chapters"
Chapter 1 = Pages 1-4
Chapter 2 = Pages 5-8
Chapter 3 = Pages 9-12

Starts and ends at Gurda Ragescar 69,71
3650 exp when done as a level 26 mage.

Right click on the pages anytime you complete any one chapter.  The pages then combine saving you 3 slots per combined chapter.

These drop randomly from just about everything every where in Ashenvale.  You will easily get all the pages while completing the other quests.  If you are short 1-3 pages, just buy them in the AH.

I would recommend making a "mule" charactor, buy him a cheap bag, escort him to any of the three major cities, and hearth him there.  Then, one can send the pages to their mule through the mail, and not clog up their bank or bags.  Send one extra of each page for your next toon for a quick and easy nearly 4000 points the second time around.  You can also use your mule to send cloth mats, cooking mats, or mats of any sort to store.

Sell the pages you have 3 and 4 of in the AH. | Subject: "Location"
FYI, Gurda Ragescar is located at 70,71. | Great quest for getting exp fast. Buy them from the AH for 10silver a page and finish the quest for 3650 exp in 5 min of work. | Alternativly, get this quest as soon as you can and just do all the other Ashenvale quest. You can save up the pages you need and sell any duplicates for 10s a page, THEN buy the ones your missing. You could save about 1g this way, and you dont have to go out specifically to grind for the pages, as they drop from nearly every mob in Ashenvale | Subject: "Soulbound"
The pages are NOT soulbound, so you can auction them.  Once you join them into a chapter, they ARE soulbound.

There aren't coordinates for any of the pages.  They are ALL random drops off any mobs in Ashenvale.  You can sit in the same furbolg city and get 9 of the 12 pages (I did). | Subject: "re: lost pages"
right click the pages to form them into chapters.

i got 8 different pages doing the satyr horns quest. | Subject: "Agree with Stinaf"
what Stinaf said worked for me as well... Great info.... I was gettin rather pissed at this bugger till I tried it. | Subject: "info"
This is one of those quests in which the loot you need is random. I've killed everything I could and I didn't see any pattern at all on who dropped it. The good thing about the pages you need is that they are tradeable and you can sell them if you have more than one copy. I saw a few shouts for pages that others wanted to trade with. Solo'd this at 26 with a 26 pet and made it to level 27.

My results:
You gain 3650 experience.
Your reputation with Orgrimmar has increased.