# Quest ID: 651
# Quest Title: Stones of Binding
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=651
# Subject: "Sub's comment~"
Thundering Key from 52.50
Burning key from 25.30
Cresting key from 66.29 (go up the hill, then you'll see the water element, dont get fooled by the first circle you see! must go up hill)

After getting all 3 keys, go to south west of refuge camp and turn it in.
At 36.57, not the large crystal, its a little stone beside it

ps. this circles should be spotted on map | Burning Key - 25,30
Cresting Key - 66,29
Thundering Key - 52,50 | You just have to use the stones in the middle of the various rock formations in this zone. You will likely have to take out four or five level 39 elementals at each circle in order to get to the middle stone. Each middle stone is surrounded by three elementals, and you have to defeat all three. They will aggro together if you try to use the stone without beating them.

Fortunately, not-so-bright players tend to farm these elementals for their drops (I say not-so-bright because it's almost always better to farm something else)( Moderator - Xp is good there, hence people farm em.). Warriors also have a quest to take out elementals, so if you do this at your server's peak time, there is a good chance you can just walk up to each stone and get the appropriate key.

Take the three keys to the southernmost circle, with all the earth elementals, to finish this part of the quest. | Inner Binding - 36,58 | Subject: "the keys"
One of the keys is just west of Norfolk Manor.  The other key is just northeast of the Circle of binding (just NW of Hammerfall). the last key is in the circle NW of Go-Shek farm.

You can get drops from the elements that banish other elements you will face.

Once you have all three keys, you go to the cirlce, just south of the road on the way to Stromguard.  If you go directly south of Refuge pointe, you should hit it.

Once you complete, you will get another quest. | Subject: "Save those Charms!"
The chain of quests started here actually goes much longer than just the three shown. In the end, when you free the Princess, she turns on you and attacks you.  As you fight her, she will summon all types of elemental adds and if you take too long fighting her, there can be a lot of them (lol - I got to about 8 of them...).

As you kill the elementals in the process of doing this quest, you will pick up charms that banish a different kind of elemental (Buring Charms banish Water Elementals, or something like that...). Save these charms for killing the Princess - they are perfect for knocking out the various elementals she summons. The charms don't give you xp when you use them to kill the elementals so there is no real point to using them to complete this quest, but plenty of reason to keep them for the last quest. I imagine you could solo the final quest if you had enough charms (4-5 of each type ought to do it). The Princess isn't that hard to kill, but has a lot of health and fighting 8+ creatures after she has summoned a bunch of elementals gets pretty tough. If you can banish each elemental as they appear, it will keep the Princess alone and vulnerable....

Wish I had kept some.... | Subject: "FOLLOW THIS:"
It is really good what out friend posted before..I am just posting to conform it..that those coords are perfect..so if you dont know where it it follow this and you will have you quest done:

Thundering Key from 52.50
Burning key from 25.30
Cresting key from 66.29 (go up the hill, then you'll see the water element, dont get fooled by the first circle you see! must go up hill)

After getting all 3 keys, go to south west of refuge camp and turn it in.
At 36.57, not the large crystal, its a little stone beside it

ps. this circles should be spotted on map

Good Luck! | Subject: "Charms are useful, but very low exp"
When you fight the exiles, you receive sometimes charm-loot for banishing exiles.

Burning exiles have charms for banishing Thundering exiles
Thundering exiles have charms for banishing Cresting exiles
Cresting exiles have charms for banishing Burning exiles.

It's recommended that you keep this order, so you can use charms to quickly kill the exiles.
Burning exiles are on West circle, then Thundering exiles on Outer circle, and then Cresting exiles on East circle.

The row upper circle -> lower circle -> left circle is not recommended.

If you have some charms over, use it on exiles for little free experience points and loot