# Quest ID: 652
# Quest Title: Breaking the Keystone
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=652
# Completing this will unlock the next quest in the series, "Myzrael's Allies" (horde https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=688, alliance https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=653). | Subject: "some tips"
I am a human mage level 39 and just completed the quest..

here are some tips:

Princess Trapped is a very easy quest if you can find the cave.. the cave is hidden on the North-East-North of Hammerfall between the rock and mountains.. the pad is behind the tree..

after you complete the first part, second part is a piece of cake if you are level 38+.. else bring some a good friend with you.. however, the chance that the bindings are cleared of the mobs are big.. Alliance always grinding on the firey things ..

Third and the last part: to locate and kill the big ugly fat guy called Fozruk, you first need to locate him.. if you dont have mount, dont spend the whole day looking for him but do something else in Arathi, like killing the Stone Exiles for mount money..  when you accidently find Fozruk, stay with him and call for help.. General messages are always answered and people will come to help you .. (my clan mates made a raid to help me :P .. just for fun we were with 15 people..) .. so if you have a level 45-60 you can get to work.. make sure you get "Sleepy" the irritating kobold first, cause he makes you sleep for afew seconds.. after you kill the guy, bring the quest item to the Circle with stone exiles..

after you complete the quest, another level 42 elite appears.. so make sure you are gone or have some help.. (i got help from a level 60 mage undead, i needed to /bow /kneel afew hundred times) ..

last part you go to Ironforge, the guy is found in Forlorn Cavern.

.. thats it people.. I am still busy doing the Badlands part, but i am waiting till i have my mount (10k xp) .. i dont like walking | Subject: "Keystone"
The Keystone is that giant obelisk in the Circle of Inner Binding. | Subject: "Loc of"
Waited and waited and waited by the inner circle like the post above suggested.  He never showed up.  Went to the East circle where the comment above stated he spawned.  Sure enough he does.  So DONT wait at the inner circle - people prob kill him before he gets there.  If u just gonna sit and wait, do it where he spawns.  Lots of stuff to kill for XP and loot while u wait too. | A lvl 42 elite spawns either after you complete the quest, or click on the shard to get the next quest, so be prepared. | The Keystone is located at the Circle of Inner Binding at 36.1, 58.1.
Last edited by tecnobrat on 2008/08/20 (Patch 1.12.1)