# Quest ID: 6523
# Quest Title: Protect Kaya
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6523
# Subject: "its not a glitch"
its not a glitch, shes not supposed to wait for you that im aware, as soon as you accept the quest she wills tart walking, just kill mobs as you go, no big deal. It works like the escort quests in FFXI, but no where near as hard ;)

*edit* oh and she is located in Grundig Darkcloud's hut, just talk to her after you kill him for the related quest and kill two birds with one stone, cause the NPC you return to for both quests are the same. have fun!

Edited, Tue Jan 25 11:18:22 2005 | Subject: "1.9 Quest CAN be completed."
After failing a few times because of the infinite respawn Ive put on my thinking cap.

I have finished the quest (L22 Warrior) solo.

This is what I have done.
1) Put on a shield and low DPS weapon (you dont want to kill them).
2) Run in WELL ahead of her so that she does not engage when you pull.
3) Pull the 3 mobs forward.
4) Kaya walks about 10 yards past the spawn and voila. Quest completed. | Subject: "As an undead priest..."
Previous comments on how to work around the currently bugged quest has proven true. Here are the main points summarized.

1. You WILL fail the quest if you stray too from from Kaya. I guesstimate it to be around 50 yards before you fail.

2. She will assist on you being attacked, but her assist range is only around 15-20 yards.

3. Using these two pieces of information you can keep your 40-50 yard distance and pull the three mobs WITHOUT killing them past the campfire. (Note: make sure the caster is far away from her as well.)

4. While you keep your enemy mobs distracted it will take around 20 more secs before she will raise her arms and say something at which point you're already too far from her to hear anything she says. MAKE SURE YOU DO NOT KILL THE MOBS! Then you will complete the quest.

Extra: As an Undead priest, I shielded went into to pull mobs and moved while casting Devouring Plague on the caster so i could heal myself. On the other two melee mobs, I casted Touch of Weakness so they would hit me for less while I waited. I casted Shield when the timer was up and of course used my renew and healing spells. It's not that simple but it's not that hard as well. I assume every class will have a workable solution while we wait for bug to be fixed.