# Quest ID: 654
# Quest Title: Tanaris Field Sampling
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=654
# Don't delete any of the untested samples while you are doing this quest. Doing so will delete all related quest items and abandon the quest. I was finished with the hyena samples before the others, so I figured I would free up a bag slot by deleting the untested hyena samples.. this was a mistake. I was 2/3 of the way done with the quest.. not worth my time to get a new Field Testing Kit and start over. | STOP!

Do not start this quest if you can not complete it before logging out. Once you start this quest, you have a 2 hour timer to complete this quest within.

The timer persists while logged off.

If you fail the quest due to logging off, you will need to collect 10 more Wastwander Water Pouch to begin Another Power Source?. After completing Another Power Source, you will receive Model 4711-FTZ Power Source which gives you the Tanaris Field Sampling quest again. You will also need another Field Testing Kit which will not be provided to you this time. To get a new kit, you will need to visit Alessandro Luca in the Undercity (The Apothecarium) and purchase the kit for ~11 silver.


TL;DR - Make sure you are ready to do this quest before starting it. It is a lot of work to restart.
Last edited by DMuhny on 2019/09/23 | You have 2 hours to complete this quest, and any items that you test during the quest will expire in 2 hours as well. You can kill any of the basilisks/hyenas/scorpids in the area, and each kill will give you an untested item, which you have to test. Each item won't, however, give you an "acceptable result", and the piece will be destroyed. The quest is kinda a pain, but the exp and rep are nice. | Dont do this quest before a restart. I had to abandon the quest and start over. | Subject: "No joke"
I did this quest at level 53. I had skipped it before and was bored one day and decided to go back and complete it. Killing nothing but green and grey creatures, it took me a solid hour to get all of the acceptable samples. I obliterated the Tanaris desert - killing everything in sight and testing each sample as I got it. The conversion rate from "untested" to "acceptable" is absolutely miserable. For a level-appropriate person performing this quest, you WILL need the two hours for non-stop killing. The rewards for this quest after you go back to the Undercity to complete is barely worthwhile - and only if you're of the level where the quest is still yellow to you.

If you're a skinner, this might be a good quest for you, though, as everything you kill you can skin - including scorpids for scales.

I would think hard before deciding to invest the two hours into this quest. It very well might not be worth it to you.