# Quest ID: 6543
# Quest Title: The Warsong Reports
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6543
# Subject: "<Blank>"
Bleh, it looks like all of the old comments are gone.

Here's where the Quest NPCs are located (sorry don't have Coords to give):

From the Quest Starter, run north until the roads ends in a "T-Intersection."  It will go West to Astranaar or East to Azshara.  Don't make the mistake of taking the Y-Intersection that you first come to after leaving the Quest Starter.

First One:
From the T-Intersection, run East about 200 yards.  The first NPC at the Splintertree OUTPOST - pretty much right on the road (not the Splintertree Post, which is just slightly more East and a bit North (you can see it from the road).  This NPC will wander up and down the tower there.

Second One:
From Splintertree Outpost, run East to Azshara.  This next NPC wanders the road between the Warsong Lumber Camp and Shadowsong Shrine in Azshara.  The boundry between Ashenvale and Azshara is the river.  The NPC will wander across the river 200-300 yards into Azshara.  (There is an Alliance Flight Path here and much higher level mobs so be careful and don't stray from the road).  Run back and forth from the bridge to the Warsong Lumber camp and you should find this NPC.  She rides a wolf.

Third One:
Run West, then run west some more, then keep running until you hit the beach.  Seriously.
It's a long run - you might want to make yourself a snack for this one.  Go back past the Splintertree Outpost, past the T-Intersection mentioned above and continue West to Astranaar.  This is an alliance town, so skirt the town to either side (south seems the most direct).  Soon after you leave the town, you will descend some hills and see a tower on your right.  When the ground levels off head west off the road (you may find the faint path the heads to the beach, it doesn't matter).  This will take you between a gap in the mountain range that empties out onto the beach.  Head south along the beach to the Zoram'strand Outpost.  There is a Horde flight path here.  Get the route and fly back to Crossroads.  Or, get a group and do Blackfathom Depths.  There are a few quests here where you can grind out some XP, but no Inn at which to log out.

Hope this helps. | Warsong Scout - https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=12862 (up the tower)
Warsong Runner - https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=12863
Warsong Outrunner - https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=12864 | Scout is in Splintertree post (71, 68). Don't forget to get the flight path if you haven't already.

Outrider is on the road between Splintertree Post and Azshara. Head northeast from Azshara.

The Runner is at the Zoram'gar Outpost on the western coast (12,34). There is another flight path there. | Subject: "The Skinny on this quest...."
There are three reports to deliver, but be sure that you right click on the bundle in your pack or esle it will give you a gray "complete" bar that you CANNOT click on.

Delivery of the reports can be done in any order that you want. Easiest way is as follows.

Splinter Tree Outpost - follow the road out of Orgrimmar's side gate (the one by the Valley of Spirits) and stay on it until it gives you an option of right or left, go right and the Scout is outside the post TLoc 71,68.

Warsong Lumber Camp - Outrunner is on a wolf walking the road TLoc 81,55 thru 88,49. Leave Splinter Tree Post and head north again and you will see the Outrunner. Or go through the lumber camp from the south, go all the way through it and make a left on the road you come to.

Zoram Strand - Head South from Lumber camp on the road you find the outrunner on, keep on it you'll see Astranaar (Night Elf city), go around it to the south unless you are a level 60 and bored, head north to get back on road. Stay on the road unitl about TLoc 21,34where you'll see a dotted path on the left on world map of Ashenvale. The camp is in the Southern part of Zoram Strand (so make a left when you get to the beach and no playing in the water until 30 minutes after eating so you don't cramp). | Subject: "Doh"
Never mind. You have to *open* the bundle for the reports to be there. I totally read right over that part. So anybody else having my problem, open the bundle. :-P | /way 71.05 68.36 Warsong Scout
/way 92.96 46.62 Warsong Outrider (note - wanders the road between Warsong Lumber Camp and Shadowsong Shrine in Azshara)
/way 12.21 34.20 Warsong Runner | Subject: "Co Ordinates + Breif Explaining :s"
Scout    = 71,68, Next to a tower, near splintertree post

Runner  = 12,35, next to tent in Zoran Strand, Explained Below.

Outrider = around 84,50, SHE is on a wolf/mount, moves slowly, Stick around the bridge and you should find her.

for Runner at 12,35 you will need to walk quiet far to Zoran Strand which is on the west side of Ashenvale... When yuo get to Astrannar go around to the south, because astrannar is a alliance town that will attack, then there is a path that leads to Zoran Strand and PRESTO! your there.

+ if you havn't already been there, there are 3 quests you can get there from varios civilians!