# Quest ID: 6548
# Quest Title: Avenge My Village
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6548
# Subject: "Location"
Good spot is 81,90 small village full of them. | Subject: "Makaba Flathoof Coordinates"
When u are in Stonetalon Mountains 85,97
When u are in The Barrens 35,27
When u are looking on Continent Map 48,53
When u are looking on World Map 21,50
Hope u guys wont get in the ocean anymore =D | Subject: "easy"
this one is very easy, these guys are lvl 15-17, they do group together quite a bit like the venture Co. do, but not too bad, they are found just inside the stonetalon mountains spread thruought the hills. You can find some battered chests around this are as well. The quest after this has you return to the same part only a little further in to kill a special mob. its a lvl 18 in a hut just over a little ridge from the first camps. He is gaurded by a few of these other mobs plus some lvl 17 sorceror types.

In his hut! you will find a lvl 15 Tauren female NPC, she gives you a new quest! escort her to the ajwa camp, which you likely passed on your way here. A few notes of warning! You cannot control her in any way, she walks fairly slowly back down the path, around the corner and back to the camp, for those who play FFXI this is sort like the escort quest. she will walk until agroed and then fight, if she dies you gotta go back. But you cant make her stop. Though dont worry she really does move quite slow.

A second word of caution! when you get to the camp, 2 mercenaries and a sorceror will spawn and attack her! I was not expecting this at all and barely pulled through. So if you can have a minion, make sure its out and your ready and come with two people, cause it takes a second to pull the hate off her. After you rescue her she will just disapear, you go back to the stonetalon entrance and talk to the tauren who gave you these quests, he gives you a reward then tells you to tell the girls aunt located in red rock retreat, this aunt is the same one that gives the cycle of life and new life quests. | Subject: "location"
location 76,90 in stonetalon mountains
have fun:)