# Quest ID: 6609
# Quest Title: I Got Nothin' Left!
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6609
# Subject: "Fishing Lures"
I have studied fishing EXTENSIVELY.  I've created spreadsheets on it and have analyzed the data from over 5,000 casts.  Here's the short version of what I've learned....

Fishing lures only allow you to fish in zones you do not have sufficient base skill, and when you do have the base skill they only reduce the probablility of getting a "Your fish got away." message.  They DO NOT increase your chance of catching any particular item.  That is on a purely random schedule after the program determines that the fish did not get away.

There is a minimum skill level at which you can fish any zone.  If you're below that level, you won't catch a thing.  Lures can help you get up to that level.  Once you hit the minimum, up to about 50 points above the minimum, the number of "Your fish got away." messages will decrease as your skill increases.  After you're 50 points above the zone minimum lures make no difference at all.

I hear a lot of people talking about doing better with or without lures.  Most people just haven't gathered enough data for their observations to be statistically significant.

Try tracking two thousand casts, and write down the results of all of them.  It's pretty tedious.  I did it mostly to ward off the boredom while fishing, and found out some interesting behaviors of the program. | Subject: "<Blank>"
this is a reply based on the previous guys thread post.

I am ready to train in Artisan, where is an Artisan Trainer?

You learn Artisan level by completing the following quest.

Once you have reached level 40 and have 225 in Fishing. (I repeat you need to be at least level 40 and have maxed your skill at 225.)

Alliance Start: Starts with Grimnur Stonebrand in Ironforge (The Forlorn Cavern) https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=834/winds-in-the-desert

Horde Start: Start with Lumak in Orgrimmar (Valley of Honor).

Both send you to speak with Nat Pagle in in Dustwallow Marsh (Tidefury Cove, SW of Theramore Island). Approach from NW to avvoid higher level mobs. From Theramore Island you can swin directly west from the corner of the dock. https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=1281/jims-song-change-to-gossip

Nat Pagle wants you to four different fish; Feralas Ahi, Savage Coast Blue Sailfin, Sar'theris Striker, & Misty Reed Mahi Mahi.

Feralas Ahi is a rare drop in Feralas (Verdantis River).

Savage Coast Blue Sailfin is a rare drop in Stranglethorn Vale (The Savage Coast)

Sar'theris Striker is a rare drop in Desolace (Sar'theris Strand)

Misty Reed Mahi Mahi. is a rare drop in Swamp of Sorrows (Misty Reed Strand)