# Quest ID: 662
# Quest Title: Deep Sea Salvage
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=662
# Subject: "Locations"
Maidens Folly (east-most ship)

Maidens Folly Log (23,85)
Head down the stairs from the deck, in that room with the stairs on the 1st floor of the ship is a whole bunch of crap in one corner, the log is a large brown book sitting in a cauldron shaped thing.

Maidens Folly Charts (23,84)
Still on the 1st floor of the ship it is in like the centre of the ship. Where the crow's nests post extends through the ship, the charts are against it on the northern side. Charts look like a map or flat square piece of parchment.

Also found a chest on the bottom floor of this ship to watch out for.

Spirit of Silverpine (west-most ship)

Spirit of Silverpine Charts (20,85)
Head down the stairs from the deck, there are two cannons in this room on the 1st floor - against one is two crates and on one of the crates is the charts - again, looks like a map or square piece of parchment

Spirit of Silverpine (20,85)
Directly below the Charts, on the bottom floor of the ship is the Log.  It lies on the seabed within the bottom floor of the ship. Looks like an open blue book. | Maidens Folly (eastern ship)

Maidens Folly Log
Head down the stairs from the deck. This puts you on the first floor. On that first floor there is a bunch of junk against the wall. Towards the left side you'll find the log (it looks like a book) in a bucket/cauldron looking thing.

Maidens Folly Charts
On the first floor in the center of the ship. They're on the northern side of mast that runs through the middle of the ship.

Spirit of Silverpine (western ship)

Spirit of Silverpine Charts
Head down the stairs from the deck, there are two cannons in this room on the 1st floor - against one is two crates and on one of the crates is the charts - again, looks like a map or square piece of parchment

Spirit of Silverpine
On the very bottom floor of the ship the book is on the sand in the ship. There's a stool/bench a few feet away from it. It's a pain in the ass to get though as there's a ton of Naga around it. | Subject: "Location of all the items in detail."
For the purpose of describing the boats the Maiden's Folly is the Northeast ship and the Silverpine is the Southwest ship.

1. Maiden's Folly Map: The hardest one to find it seems. This map is on the middle level of the Northeast boat toward the front of the ship (point end). It is lying on a column inside this largest room on the north side.
2. Maiden's Folly Log: This log is in the Northeast ship in the room with the stairs on the middle floor. The log is hiding in a crate to the left of the door that leads to the rest of the middle section.
3. Spirit of Silverpine Map: This map is on the middle level of the Southwest ship in the room with two cannons. The map iteslf is sitting on some crates next to the cannon that is not pointing out a window. There should not be any nagas in this room.
4. Spirit of Silverpine Log: Bottum level of the Southwest ship, a few feet away from a stool in sand inside the ship. It's guarded by a female naga and a male naga. | Subject: "A strange quest"
To be nice ... this was a strange quest. Like others have said, the ability of the Naga in the ships to pass through walls and decks adds a level of challenge to doing this. The Naga hang out in the holds (lowest level) of the ships in what I saw were normally two groups of three, so six for each ship. Each ship also has a large hole in the hull on the bottom side, so you can easily enter through there and kill the Naga in the hold, then search the ship for quest items. The Naga's ability to pass through the hull can also be used against them because they can be seen from outside and underneath the ship, either by their actual form or their "shadow spot" on the sea floor. While the line of site problem exists as others here have stated, the Naga can be pulled either by waltzing up to them and poking them with a melee weapon, or waiting for them to aggro you, then they can be pulled outside (usually a group of three). Once combat is intiated, the LOS issue is no longer in play and I was able to freely cast on them even though they were on the other side of a wall. Their corpses can be looted through the walls as well.

The most annoying part of this quest was finding the Maiden's Folly charts. Two of us swam around killing Naga for 20 minutes before I gave in and came here to find out where the charts were located. (Nice pictures BTW ^_^)

Before starting on this quest I went and did this two leg series first -  Gyromast's Retrieval It was very easy at lvl 44 to get the elixer. ^_^

Edited, Sep 5th 2006 at 8:24am EDT by ShiidouHikaru

Edited, Sep 5th 2006 at 8:29am EDT by ShiidouHikaru | Subject: "Item locations"
The silverpine logbook is on the sand. Ship #1 You can see it through the hole in the bottom of the ship. There is probably 1-3 mobs there. Pull them out before fighting them.
The Silverpine charts is on a crate, Ship #1, near a cannon, on the deck above. Swim in through the cannon-openings.
The Maiden Logbook is amongst the junk, Ship #2 (I saw it in a bucket?) on the second deck, near the doorway, after you swim down the stairs from the top-deck.
The Maiden charts is on the ledge, Ship #2 around the mast on the second deck. No need to swim down into the bottom of this ship.
ALL these items are colored almost to match the surroundings and can be very hard to spot. If you have problems finding them, take your time to carefully mouse-over the areas.

This mission earned the "most hated mission" from me! Gah. HORRIBLE Line-of-sight. Underwater. hard to find items etc.

Edited to clarify since this still seems to grief some players.
Hope this helps.

Edited, Thu Apr 21 09:03:45 2005

Edited, Dec 6th 2006 8:25am by Mesophan | Subject: "Maiden's Folly and Spirit of Silverpine logs and charts"
Okay here's my attempt to explain where these are.

The MF charts are at 23,84 on the second deck on a low shelf that circles the base of the mast.  The MF log is at 23,85 also on the second deck at the bow of the ship inside a half-barrel among some crates.

The SS charts are at 21,86 on the second deck on top of a barrel near a cannon in the bow.  The SS log is at 21,85 on the sea floor inside the ship at a hole through the hull (accessible from outside). | Subject: "locations"
The Silverpine chart is just as you come down the stairs to the 2nd lvl. The log is on the bottom were the hole in the boat is located.

The Folly chart and log are on the 2nd lvl. The chart is on a ledge and the log is in a pot by a bunch of other junk. | Subject: "Repost of locations."
Reposting the useful information.
The silverpine logbook is on the sand. Ship #1 You can see it through the hole in the bottom of the ship. There is probably 1-3 mobs there. Pull them out before fighting them. coords 20,85
The Silverpine charts is on a crate, Ship #1, near a cannon, on the deck above. Swim in through the cannon-openings. coords 20,85
The Maiden Logbook is amongst the junk, Ship #2 (I saw it in a bucket?) on the second deck, near the doorway, after you swim down the stairs from the top-deck. coords 23,85
The Maiden charts is on the ledge, Ship #2 around the mast on the second deck. No need to swim down into the bottom of this ship. coords 23,84
Thank mesophan for the details and someone else who provided coords.. :P

As a hunter I would send my pet in to attack, follow him in and wing clip the mob. Usually they would not be able to get away. Anything you can do to keep them from running, mage frost spell, pally HoJ, etc. is vital. Havew underwater breathing as well otherwise it will take you FOREVER having to go up and breath after about every kill.

I don't know what the xp was on it, wasn't paying attention. I was 45 when I did it so I want to say it was around 2250 and you get an item to sell/d.e.

Edited, Feb 12th 2007 8:58am by Novotny | Subject: "Screencap"
I tried taking a screencap of the Maiden's charts, since people are having a lot of trouble seeing where they are.

http://i19.photobucket.com/albums/b166/carna_icons/charts.jpg

As you can see, they're sitting where my mouse is pointing, on the ledge there. After coming down the stairs on the ship, go through the door into the little hallway where the log is, and then continue through the right door and turn left, and there they are.

:)

Aveliana
60 paladin (playing on druid alt)
Smolderthorn | This is probably the most annoying quest I've ever done. If you don't have a lot of water breathing pots or an ability to breathe underwater, don't bother with this quest. Also the naga have an annoying tendancy to clip through the ships while fleeing making killing runners next to impossible.

Proceed with caution. | This quest is simply horrible. Maurice's post helped alot but I had trouble seeing the Maiden Charts and the respawn timer on those Naga is insane.

Here is a screenie just to clarify where it is:

http://img402.imageshack.us/img402/6677/maidenfollychartsvr6.jpg

=)