# Quest ID: 6641
# Quest Title: Vorsha the Lasher
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6641
# I soloed this quest at level 21 as a Warlock. He says you need a group, but you really don't. The first thing that will happen is you will escort Muglash a bit to an island. He tells you to dose out the first in the middle.

Be ready for battle when you do this! The first wave of attacks comes; it is 3 nagas. If you are a warlock, have your void walker tank one, let the NPC tank one, and keep the other mob feared. After the first 3 are killed, you will have about 5 seconds to eat/drink. Do it!

Next comes 3 more nagas, rinse and repeat. Again, you will have another 5 seconds to rest. Vorsha comes next. Just went down like any other level 22 mob. Good experience, worth doing! | Subject: "Easy way to do quest."
Well as long as you got the quest in your log it doesn't matter what level you are anyone can do it now.

Simply Follow the NPC to the Hill, Vanish the flame. Now you just need to die. Seriously. You will die and the quest will state you have failed the quest. Don't worry, just hurry up and revive your body and restart the quest. Vorsha will be sitting next to the flame. So now when the NPC gets half way across the water to the island it will get bugged and say you have finished the quest.

I did this on accident and I know have a ring to show for it. Seems I'm not the only one that has stumbled upon it either. GoodLuck. :) | If the brazier is not lit and you're not able to click out the fire someone else probably just completed the quest before you. Wait a bit and it should be activated again. Muglash is fine with waiting a while without disappearing as well.