# Quest ID: 6661
# Quest Title: Deeprun Rat Roundup
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=6661
# Subject: "Are You Kidding?"
Ummm, let's see. Walk to the opposite platform, click a rat and then click flute. Do this 5 times. If you have trouble with quest, immediately exit the tram area, give away all your items, delete your character and ask Blizzard for a refund on your monthly fee. This isnt the game for you. | Fun little quest! Use the flute he gives you by targeting the rats running around, then right click on the flute. If you're in range you'll hear some flute music play and then the rat will follow you. Do that 5 times, then return to monty! If you don't see any rats just walk around and wait a few moments, they respawn really quickly. | This quest is also great to waste some time if you are low leveled and just missed the tram. | Subject: "Pretty Easy"
I played at around 10 pm and I went to the platforms on either side of the quest giver. Then whenever a rat came near me, I played the flute. I had them all in under 2 minutes, easy.

I suppose it may be a time thing, then. Because for me, it barely took up any time. | Subject: "LOL"
Can u just READ the Ques? its not that hard, is it? xP | Subject: "completed in 5 minutes"
After I figured how to complete quest I finished in 5 minutes.  You need to select the rat first and play the flute. | Subject: "I JUST REALISED SOMETHING"
MONTY AND NIPSY! this is a referance to the Golden Child.  when eddie murphy gets off of the plane from tibet the demon guy tries to sick the cops on him and he comes up with some b/s about them being brothers named monty and nipsy