# Quest ID: 691
# Quest Title: Worth Its Weight in Gold
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=691
# Subject: "How too"
This quest is not that hard.

Tusks: Are dropped by all Trolls (you'll get them will gathering the other items so don't bother them).

Medicine Pouch: Are dropped by trolls with mana. Mostly found on the east side of near the cave.

Shadow Hunter Knife: Dropped by Shadow Hunters. Drop rate is pretty high. They stand in the cave.

Regards
-IBUS | The location of the Cave is in 68,75

Good luck ;) | The Tusks drop off of any of the NPC's around the lake , even the Witch Doctors.
Medicine Pouches drop from the Witch Doctors around the lake.
The knife drops off the Shadow Hunters in the cave at: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=2557
The map is for the NPC's but the location is the same. | Subject: "33 Druid's report"
Quest is listed as 36, but my 33 druid was able to solo them also. For the lvl 35 headhunters, just use bear form if you need. The others were ok in humanoid or cat form.

Had a little less luck with the drops but as long as you're getting exp, they were giving about 150-200. So that adds up too , anyway.

killed about 6000 exp worth (at about 200 exp, you can see how many that was). finally made my way into the cave and got the knife on the first shadow hunter. they may drop outside also as stated by others, but only got from these guys while i was doing it.

Edited, Wed Mar 9 07:30:10 2005 | Subject: "Re: Worth Its Weight in Gold [691]"
for those of you who thought you had the cave and dont know what shadow hunters people are talking abou...You are in the wrong cave. I did this and killed that cave of ogres for 2 hrs. The correct cave is in the bottom right hand of your map there is a path as indicated in onother post to the mouth of cave.just south of the k in witherbark village.

yours tuly,

Fgnor | Subject: "quest"
the shadow knife is inside a cave south of the Witherbark village, the rest of the items are dropped by the usual witherbark "mobs" | All of these are 33-36 level and are fairly simple kills. for the amount of experience on this quest this is one you don't want to bypass. good for the grinding aspect and the quest exp.