# Quest ID: 694
# Quest Title: Trelane's Defenses
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=694
# First you have to do "Worth its Weight in Gold" quest from Apprentince Kryten, then you have to do "Wand Over Fist" from the guy near him and then you can get this quest.

Quest Item dropped by:
Boulderfist Shaman https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=2570

this quest gives from 300 XP to 3000 XP | Subject: "short cut to shamans at 21.70"
there is a gap in southern wall of Stromgarde Keep (app coord. 21.70). You just have to go right (if you facing main gate to SK) walkink side the east wall fight one bird turn corner and walk side south wall until u see gap.

Three shamans are right under that gap i need kill two others just to clean area, but second shaman droped.

If you not druid or rogue have set heartstone to Southshore or other close inn.

Of coarse if you want to fight your way out feel free.

Hope this will help somebody. | Subject: "43 Pally solo"
Man, that was easy. Went to cords 18,64.
Found the tower.
Killed the first 39 elite shaman I saw
Got the drop
Got out
Took a total of 2 minutes | Subject: "loc"
Tower is at 18,64 in Stormguard where the fat smelly Ogers roam. When you activate defences, stand near the frendly water elemental guards as they will help fight. | Subject: "Reading the plan is a good plan!"
Firstly, the ledge is a good plan! However, having not read the previous instructions properly I did NOT enter Stomgarde, but proceeded to pick my way round the outer wall to the southwall looking for a ledge! Don't do this, as you will fall in the sea and have to hearthstone (in my case to SW)and griffin back, as there is no way back up without a very long swim!
So, having dunked in the sea, hearthed, froze my butt off, still dripping wet, on the back of a griffin, journeyed across treacherous highyways back to Stromgarde, I entered the place. Took first right then left. Found the ledge to my right just as the road dips. The jump up is just in the corner by the little black shrub. The good news is that i got the drop from the first shaman i killed - having traversed to the far side of the ledge. There is a big gun elite halfway along with some shaman - aviod these as they will pull as a group.
I recommend the shaman on the far side and going into stromgarde first helps! Anyone got a towel?