# Quest ID: 77
# Quest Title: A Sticky Situation
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=77
# Subject: "Locations of the Horde Supply Crates"
Locations of the Horde Supply Crates

At the troll ruins (with the green oozes):
loc 45,41
loc 47,40
Near ruins/lake under a tree:
loc 47,38
Outside the cave entrance:
loc 57,38
Inside the cave:
loc 57,43 (top of ramp to right of entrance)
loc 57,41 (center pit)
loc 59,41 (east room)
loc 59,42 (east room up ramp)
loc 56,43 (west room) | Subject: "Horde supply crates"
57,38 just outside cave

Inside cave:

57,41
59,41
59,42
56,46 | Subject: "In the cave"
Just wanted to clarify that the crates spawn INSIDE the cave only.  The quest giver and some others were sounding like they spawned outside but I wasted a lot of time to find out otherwise. | Subject: "CRATE AT WATERFALL NOT QUITE THAT QUICK & EASY"
I was bored and not in a fighting mood so I decided to test the theory that you could get all your Honey Ripple bottles from the crate by the waterfall in 5 trips and 25 minutes (respawn every 5 minutes) as suggested above.

The initial crate and the first respawn produced 1 bottle each plus food. The 3rd and 4th crates produced 3 bottles each plus more food. The 5th crate provided 3 more bottles (for 11 in total) and more food.

However, the average respawn rate of the crate was 10 to 12 minutes, so completing the quest this way will take about 50 minutes .

If your a fisherman this may be your idea of a good time...but you get less exp points in the process (not killing anything) and fewer drops etc...so you'll have to decide if this is the best way to complete this quest. | Relatively straight forward quest. Boxes are in Skull Rock, and may require some wait in the event you don't get the required number. They respawn at a decent rate. Was able to get 10 after one trip through.

If you are an Herbalist, make sure you skill level is high enough to get the 3 or 4 Ghost Mushroom spawns inside. | Subject: "<Blank>"
The quest can be returned to Gilveradin Sunchaser in the Shindigger's Camp in Hinterlands. Coordinates 26,48 (northwest Hinterlands, in the hills between Aerie Peak and Quel'danil Lodge)