# Quest ID: 788
# Quest Title: Cutting Teeth
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=788
# Subject: "How to do this quest."
First of all, you need a Priest.

If you're not a Priest yourself then reroll a Priest. Now.

Then, you'll need to get into a guild doing at the very LEAST MC, preferebly BWL or AQ40. Not Naxx though, they'll only have Frost Resistance.

Right, now get 2 full raids together (if you're skilled one will do). You'll be pulling. Head north of where you started and you should start seeing the boars - they are not to easy to fight. Pull with a smite, and run as fast as you can (it doesn't work if you don't use a smite). Now, the first raid sends a tank in, and everyone spam heals the tank. The Boar can breathe fire, and do other nasty things, like get a critical strike, on top of hitting you normally for massive damage. All mages will need to use Arcane spells, Warlocks will have to use only their Voidwalkers (only thing Warlocks can use to damage these is the Voidwalker), and everyone else needs to nuke, 'cept you. You need to do /dance.

The fight will last for 2 hours roughly (Beware of adds!). When you are done, feel free to loot. All items will be HUNTER LOOT but you'll get them anyway.

Repeat until the quest is done.

Congratulations! You won't find better equipment then what you receive from this quest until you've reached double the level you are now. | Subject: "YOU NOOBS THAT WENT TO ORG AND BARRENS ARE IDIOTS"
They're everywhere, either you do it in less than 2 minutes or you're blind