# Quest ID: 7981
# Quest Title: 1200 Tickets - Amulet of the Darkmoon
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=7981
# If you're the industrious melee type, and you're not in a raid guild, Darkmoon Faire offers one of the best neck pieces available to you with this item. You will have to work to get the 1200 tickets to get the item. I have found that farming rugged leather and making rugged armor kits was a fast way to get tickets.

Here is a breakdown:

8 rugged armor kits = 20 tickets.
You'll need 480 rugged armor kits to get the required 1200 tickets. It is completely obtainable with some work, and it is a great reward for the effort. | Subject: "All you need to know"
Rugged Armor Kits:
2400 Rugged Leather= 480 Rugged Armor Kits= 1200 Tickets
(Made by Leatherworking)

Thorium Widget's:
1080 Thorium Bar's AND 360 Runecloth= 360 Thorium Widget's =
1200 Ticket's
(Made by Engineer's)

Dense Grinding Stone:
1920 Dense Stone = 480 Dense Grinding Stone = 1200 Ticket's
(Made by Blacksmith's)

These are just the main things I am going to turn in, I didn't want to waste my doing the math for all the other ones. These are the correct Number's, So there is no reason to second guess it.

-Othilo | It depends greatly on your server's economy on which way is cheapest... Typically it's dense stone, but sometimes it's thorium bars.
Here's a quick way to find out how much it's going to cost you per turnin:
Multiply the cost of one stack (20) of each item by the following: 2 for rugged leather, 1.6 for dense stone, and for the widgets, .9 * Thorium Bars + .3 * Runecloth.
Therefore, let's say that on your server, thorium bars cost 3g a stack, runecloth 1g, rugged leather 2g and dense stone 2g.
That means each turn in costs 3g for thorium, 4g for leather, and 3.2g for stone. (for a total of 180g for 1200)
Now you usually will end up using a combination, depending on what is on the AH at any given time, or your own farming skills, but this is a handy tool for those who plan on buying a majority of it.