# Quest ID: 82
# Quest Title: Noxious Lair Investigation
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=82
# Subject: "Corr."
Here are the corr. 35,46 | I did this quest with my lvl 45 warrior last night - it is doable but you have to be careful. The bugs are lvl 47-50 and although the drop rate is high, it is not 100%. I was getting one drop out of three kills. I was killing lvl 47-48 bugs.

A word of caution:

The lvl 50 bug has a VERY small minion. You can mistake it for one of the critters Blizzard put in the game - it is not. Around the lvl 50 bug, look to the ground. It is very small. You might not even be able to click on it that easily, but it is a minion. Their walkpaths are not that similar either. Those two bugs might be far apart from each other. Do not aggro it since it will bring the big one running. | Subject: "44"
im a 44 rogue and this quest is damn hard. i can take the lvl 47/48s but if theres more then one i have to vanish fo'sho | to find these Bugs, you go south of the pond where you finished the first part of the quest to the Noxious Lair (36,40 to 32,51 ish)

any of these bugs drops the carapace but it is not 100% drop chance.
i don't exactly remember, but i think the bugs lvls are 45 to 50. | After finishing, you can talk to Fizzledowser on the hill again to start a new quest line, https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=10 | This quest turns yellow really early, if you want to do it as early as you can then the best place is probably the south side of the nest as there are loads of 47-48 centipaar wasps there (the lowest level centipaar). As stated drop rate is fairly ugly so you might be there for a while. | Subject: "Ugh"
This quest is a bit of a PIA with the drop rate and pesky horde (I'm on Sargeras).

Killed flying mobs up to level 49 with my 45 war with % to crit gear (cragfist armor, rockpounder, some others). The 49s tested me but besides them I never went below 50% on HP, and thats only because my rockpounder is so slow. I worked on the outside of the crater.

Anyway, drop rate is pretty miserable overall, what I notice even more is that it is difficult to get ANYTHING to drop from these guys. Many times I came up empty on drops.

Not sure about the crawlers - I did kill one and got 1 part from it. The rest from flying insects. The only reason I would go for crawlers is because one of them (I forget which) runs back for help. The rest do not.

Go in with rest XP, though, and its excellent grinding material. Overall I got about 12k XP between the quest that starts this one, the mobs, and this ending quest (including rest XP).

Unless your level 50, going in the middle is, to me, a suicide mission. The are pretty tightly packed in there. I suggest starting at the ramp as a camp and pulling back there, then working out from that. | If you dont go to far in and only attack the bugs on the edges you should be able to keep from aggroing to much i finshed as a lv 45 Hunter | Subject: "XP & Rep"
3150xp
50s
rep with Gadgetzan increased