# Quest ID: 826
# Quest Title: Zalazane
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=826
# Subject: "location"
First of all; the trolls are all found at the largest island. So dont bother to go to the other islands where you just will find raptors and tigers.

Zalazane spawns around 67,88 and he is patroling in a small area around these coords. So wait until you can do a clean pull without aggroing any other trolls.

http://files.upl.silentwhisper.net/upload6/Zalazane.png

PS. When you are doin this quest you should finish Minshina's Skull too. | A shortcut to doing this quest:

1. Zalazane walks back and forth. His path leads him to the top of the hill where Minshina's skull is.
2. Important: there is another ramp (I'll call the "Back door") opposite to the one he walks up. This one is less conspicuous and is the one you should walk up to fight him.
3. At the bottom of the Back door is a Hexed Troll and a Raptor.
4. They are separated far enough for you to take down individually.
5. After taking them out, walk up the Back door and patiently wait for him to return to the top.
6. Confront him isolated from his henchman.

I recommend you to be on level 8 or higher to maximise your chances of winning if you solo. He casts a nasty 2 minute curse which reduces your strength and stamina by 3. Here would be a good opportunity to blow your cooldowns and potions if the going gets tough. | Subject: "<Blank>"
Zalazane is tough, level 10 that heals a lot during the fight, be sure to have potions, bandages, anything that can help. | After this quest you can speak with the Witch Doc' and get alot of diffrent kinda stuff, like get really drunk, hexed, bigger, "ghostly" and get blown up into the air ;) its really fun, btw, they're random!