# Quest ID: 8279
# Quest Title: The Twilight Lexicon
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=8279
# Subject: "<Blank>"
for the ppl who dont use atlas:

Book 1 - Twilight Post (Twilight Keeper Mayna)
Book 2 - Twilight Outpost (Twilight Keeper Exeter)
Book 3 - Twilight Base Camp (Twilight Keeper Havunth)

thx | Twilight Lexicon - chapter 1: 27,37
Twilight Lexicon - chapter 2: 16,86
Twilight Lexicon - chapter 3: 40,41 | The three keepers are in the various camps throughout Silithus.

Twilight Keeper Manya at the Twilight Post in the northwest. Holds lexicon 1.

Twilight Keeper Exeter at the Twilight Outpost in the southwest. Holds lexicon 2.

Twilight Keeper Havunth at the Twilight Base Camp, just southwest of Cenarian Hold. Holds lexicon 3.

All are level 60 and more difficult than the enemies around them. | Not repeatable.. | Subject: "lol"
don't touch the windstones.... | The Lexicons drop even if you're not on the quest | Subject: "Found on camps."
Twilight post.      - 25,33
Twilight basecamp.  - 38,45
Twilight Outpost.  - 18,84 | Subject: "loc"
For the one at the Twilight Outpost, found the keeper far in the back along the northeast mountains surrounding the area.

At the Twilight Post, found her walking back and forth along the southern edge.

At the Twilight Base Camp, found him walking back and forth along the western entrance.

It was easy for me since the realm I am on had people farming the area. No need to worry about adds. | Subject: "woot for me!"
ok me being the squishy i am  : / hehe

lvl 60 dis/holy priest : )

didnt think i could do it by myself but:

yes each guy is at that location maybe alittle off but they get there :)

i just kept shieldin myself and usin smite and mind blast and it worked ...weird hehe

17,83
27,37 ish
and 40, 40

good luck and happy killings! | Subject: "great xp! :D"
level 54 resto druid, frostmourne server. this chain gives fantastic XP with surprisingly little effort. i found from this point onwards its a little difficult but doing the only way a druid knows how, slow and steady, i managed ok - couple of deaths but meh, what else would you expect.
Twilight post.      - 25,33 from Twilight Keeper Mayna
Twilight basecamp.  - 38,45 from Twilight Keeper Exeter
Twilight Outpost.  - 18,84 Twilight Keeper Havunth
take an agi and arcane pot with you if you can and best of luck to you :)

Fiha 60 druid - Earthen Ring
Sihu 54 druid - Frostmourne | Subject: "Finding the quest items"
Book 1: Keeper Mayna is found at Twilight Post to the north west. She wanders the camp, so just check her whereabouts.

Book 2: Keeper Exeter is found in the south west camp in the corner near the mountain side. Here you will have to clear the area of a few mobs to get to him.

Book 3: Keeper Havunth is found near the Twilight basecamp just outside Centarion City. This keeper too wanders the ground around the camp. | Subject: "Exeter"
Tried this last night after the 1.9 patch. Got #1 & #3 on the first kill. We killed Exeter over 10 times and no drop. People in the zone said he was bugged, not sure but it seems it to me.