# Quest ID: 8282
# Quest Title: Noggle's Lost Satchel
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=8282
# Subject: "coord"
44, 91 | respawn IS slow almost 10 min | Located up the path south of Bronzebeard Encampment, near Deathclasp.

Coordinates: 44, 91 (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/object=180435) | Subject: "satchel"
Follow the road up the hill, south of bronzebeard encampment. Bronzebeard encampment is in the middle of the map, most south. | Subject: "Just run in, grab the loot and run out."
Noggle's Satchel is located in in southern Silithus near the Bronzebeard Encampment in the same area where Deathclasp (Level 59 Elite) and his two Stonelash Flayer (Level 57) companions reside.

For cosmos users, here are your cordinates.

/tloc 44,91

This quest may or may not be easy for you, cause all you have do is run in, grab his yellow bag (which takes about 3 seconds) and run out, to complete the quest.

I was able to do it as a level 57 hunter without agro'ing them. Rogues may find this easy to do as well, but I am unsure about anyone else who is under my level. Their agro' radiuses are bigger and might agro' Deathclasp by accident.

Good luck. | Subject: "<Blank>"
Its exactly located where Deathclasp is too.

As a rogue or druid its easy to stealth to the Satchel and take it fast when Deathclasp is out of aggro range.

Guess as class without stealth too, just run to it when Deathclasp walks up the hill. | Subject: "coords"
at 43, 91 really easy quest | The respawn on this is kinda slow! My guildies and I had to wait through 2 more respawns of Deathclasp before the satchel reappeared. | This quest is relatively simple. The only trick is to opening it without aggroing the elite & two adds. If you follow them up the mountain, just behind their aggro radius, you can open the satchel from max range without any problems. Make sure you shift-click while opening, though, just in case. That way you can open it, then get out of there.