# Quest ID: 8309
# Quest Title: Glyph Chasing
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=8309
# Subject: "Detailed Information on all Glyphs"
Note: All glyphs have no cast timer. As long you click it, you get the item. This means so long as you can solo one elite bug, you can solo the entire quest.

Hive Ashi - Hive entrance at 48,25. Go to the very bottom hive entrance. Turn right. Crystal is in front of you 50,26.

Hive Zora - Hive entrance at 27,66.
Continue down the hive all the way east. This glyph is deep within the hive. The hive terminates in a circular rooms with about 15-20 wasps. The glyph is inside at 36,63

Hive Regal - Enter the Hive at 55,87. Go around the bend and head south. Continue heading south ignoring all forks until you reach the termination of the hive. The glyph is gaurded by 6-7 elites + Natalia at 53,100 | Subject: "<Blank>"
Ashi is at 50,26
Zora is at 36,63
Regal is at 53,100 | Leads to Unraveling the Mystery (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=8314). | Subject: "A rough guide to the Glyph locations"
Hive'Regal Glyph is in the south west hive entrance, at the end where the level 62 elite Night Elf Priestess is. It's good to do the "Into the Maw of Madness (Elite)" quest at the same time.

Hive'Zora Glyph is in the south hive entrance in a similar position to the Hive'Regal Glyph.

Hive'Ashi Glyph is in the eastern entrance. | Subject: "Kirithra:"
Hive'Zora glyphed crystal location:

Take the cave entrance at the most south-eastern corner of the hive. Once you're in the cave, finding the crystal is simple; follow the cave right through to the eastern most end. The crystal is in the center of the round room filled with non-elite wasps. Easily soloed as a rogue, but I have no idea for other classes.

Once you're standing at the crystal, the aggro range on the wasps isn't large enough for them to see you (they are round the outside of the room), so you won't need your vanish cooldown.