# Quest ID: 8348
# Quest Title: Signet of the Dukes
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=8348
# Subject: "The Twilight Cult"
1. The Templars:
In Silithus kill Twilight Cultist people in their camps and collect a full set of Twilight Trappings ( https://www.wowhead.com/classic/item=52000 ), which consists of Mantle, Cowl and Robe! When you have a full set, go to one of the two Lesser Wind Stones around the Twilight Cultist camps. Put the Twilight set on and rightclick the Lesser Wind Stone.
Now you can spawn a random one of the four Templars (Azure Templar, Crimson Templar, Earthen Templar, Hoary Templar) and kill him. (He is soloable, but maybe you'll need to get one friend to kill him.
When you have killed the Templar, loot him and you will get an Abyssal Crest and maybe some green BoE item and if you're really lucky a blue BoP. Search for the name of each Templar on Thottbot or Allakhazam to find out which one drops which BoP item. Bring the Abyssal Crest to Bor Wildmane in Cenarion Hold and you will get a Bag of Spoils ( Bag of Spoils content: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/item=52026 ) and 90 Silver. This quest is not repeatable.

2. The Dukes:
For the next steps you will need at least a Friendly reputation with the Cenarion Circle.
Get the Aurel Goldleaf quest from Huum Wildmane and go talk to Aurel Goldleaf. For the following quest you will need another 3 Abyssal Crests from Templars and 1 Large Brilliant Shard. Collect those 4 items and give them to Aurel Goldleaf. Now you will receive a Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station. You will need it and another set of Twilight Trappings to spawn one of the Dukes (Duke of Cynders, Duke of Fathoms, Duke of Shards, Duke of Zephyrs) at a Wind Stone (a normal one, not lesser, not greater). For these bosses you will need a good group of 5-7 people. The Dukes drop an Abyssal Signet, which you can give to Bor Wildmane to get 1.85 Gold and a Sack of Spoils ( https://www.wowhead.com/classic/item=52153 for content ). The Dukes also drop other nice stuff such as blue BoE pants and other blue items.

--Everything below this line is unconfirmed, since i haven't got that far yet--

3. The Bosses:
For the next steps you will need at least an Honored or Revered reputation with the Cenarion Circle.
Get the quest Goldleaf's Discovery from Huum Wildmane and go talk to Aurel Goldleaf. Then you will need another 3 Abyssal Signets from Dukes and 5 Large Brilliant Shards. Collect those items and give them to Aurel Goldleaf. Now you will receive a Twilight Cultist Ring of Lordship. You will need it plus a Twilight Trappings set plus a Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station to spawn one of the big bosses (Baron Kazum, High Marshal Whirlaxis, Lord Skwol, Prince Skaldrenox) at a Greater Wind Stone. For the big bosses you will need a group of 25-40 people. The bosses drop an Abyssal Scepter and epic stuff.  Again, give the Abyssal Scepter to Bor or Humm Wildmane to get a Chest of Spoils (content: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/item=52296 ) and 2.8 Gold.

How to get reputation with Cenarion Hold:
To get reputation farm Twilight Cultist guys and Templars and finish repeatable quests such as https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=8318/secret-communication for which you will need Encrypted Twilight Texts which drop from Twilight Cultist mobs. | Subject: "duke farming for beginners"
farmed 34 dukes today with the same group..
we had: 2 mages, 1 warrior, 1 rogue, 1 warlock, 1 druid and me (paladin), all lvl 60

its not fun to have to farm sets with ur group because it might take long. So my trick is to buy the sets on AH (2g for each piece) then get alot of crests, transform them into the medallions, and buy more sets. Each group member was able to summon 3 when we joined each other.

once u kill some, u get the hang of it.. dont worry!

we each took turns to summon, then warrior tanked, when the Duke was at 95% rogue joined fight, and the casters just did their thing while druid and me healed.
It worked well, until druid left and i waisted a set and medallion by summoning and dying..

do NOT summon if u are not 100% sure that u will succeed! its just waist of grinding hours..

after u have killed the duke, just move on to the next camp and kill the duke there.. with an epic mount it wont take long to travel..

Drops were awsome, they dropped a rare item 30/34 times.. even one epic.. rare drops were Darkstone Claymore, Abyssal Pants (sells for 120-180g) and some others..

There are different types of Dukes..
The easiest is Duke of Shards (huge golem, only has one AoE attack that stuns u)
Second is Duke of Cynders (Lucifron wannabee with a fire AoE attack)
Third is Duke of Fathoms (a hydra that hits hard)
Hardest is Duke of Zephyrs! (flying serpent, with a very nasty lightning AoE attack.. nearly everyone wiped because of his AoE!)

loot rules were: everyone pass on signet exept the summoner, greed on BoE (need if u need) and pass/roll if need or FFA on BoP.. those rules worked very well, and we only had a few problems because someone rolled need instead of greed..

Grind with guildies! its not fun if u need a thing and it gets ninjaed by a stranger!

if u have a good group like i had, its more fun than MC!