# Quest ID: 8361
# Quest Title: Abyssal Contacts
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=8361
# Subject: "The Twilight Cult"
1. The Templars:
In Silithus kill Twilight Cultist people in their camps and collect a full set of Twilight Trappings ( https://www.wowhead.com/classic/item=52000 ), which consists of Mantle, Cowl and Robe! When you have a full set, go to one of the two Lesser Wind Stones around the Twilight Cultist camps. Put the Twilight set on and rightclick the Lesser Wind Stone.
Now you can spawn a random one of the four Templars (Azure Templar, Crimson Templar, Earthen Templar, Hoary Templar) and kill him. (He is soloable, but maybe you'll need to get one friend to kill him.
When you have killed the Templar, loot him and you will get an Abyssal Crest and maybe some green BoE item and if you're really lucky a blue BoP. Search for the name of each Templar on Thottbot or Allakhazam to find out which one drops which BoP item. Bring the Abyssal Crest to Bor Wildmane in Cenarion Hold and you will get a Bag of Spoils ( Bag of Spoils content: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/item=52026 ) and 90 Silver. This quest is not repeatable.

2. The Dukes:
For the next steps you will need at least a Friendly reputation with the Cenarion Circle.
Get the Aurel Goldleaf quest from Huum Wildmane and go talk to Aurel Goldleaf. For the following quest you will need another 3 Abyssal Crests from Templars and 1 Large Brilliant Shard. Collect those 4 items and give them to Aurel Goldleaf. Now you will receive a Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station. You will need it and another set of Twilight Trappings to spawn one of the Dukes (Duke of Cynders, Duke of Fathoms, Duke of Shards, Duke of Zephyrs) at a Wind Stone (a normal one, not lesser, not greater). For these bosses you will need a good group of 5-7 people. The Dukes drop an Abyssal Signet, which you can give to Bor Wildmane to get 1.85 Gold and a Sack of Spoils ( https://www.wowhead.com/classic/item=52153 for content ). The Dukes also drop other nice stuff such as blue BoE pants and other blue items.

--Everything below this line is unconfirmed, since i haven't got that far yet--

3. The Bosses:
For the next steps you will need at least an Honored or Revered reputation with the Cenarion Circle.
Get the quest Goldleaf's Discovery from Huum Wildmane and go talk to Aurel Goldleaf. Then you will need another 3 Abyssal Signets from Dukes and 5 Large Brilliant Shards. Collect those items and give them to Aurel Goldleaf. Now you will receive a Twilight Cultist Ring of Lordship. You will need it plus a Twilight Trappings set plus a Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station to spawn one of the big bosses (Baron Kazum, High Marshal Whirlaxis, Lord Skwol, Prince Skaldrenox) at a Greater Wind Stone. For the big bosses you will need a group of 25-40 people. The bosses drop an Abyssal Scepter and epic stuff.  Again, give the Abyssal Scepter to Bor or Humm Wildmane to get a Chest of Spoils (content: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/item=52296 ) and 2.8 Gold.

How to get reputation with Cenarion Hold:
To get reputation farm Twilight Cultist guys and Templars and finish repeatable quests such as https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=8318/secret-communication for which you will need Encrypted Twilight Texts which drop from Twilight Cultist mobs. | Subject: "Hopefully complete info"
I've reached revered so far, ugh....
Summoning the Lesser Wind Stones requires the full set of Twilight Gear (Mantle, Cowl, Robe) and at least friendly faction with Cenarion Cirlce. The Stones are located at three of the camps, two in each camp. The loc of the 3 camps are: (39,44) (26,33) (18,84).

The mobs at these 3 camps give 1 faction point until half way through friendly if I recall. The Abyssal elementals from the Lesser Wind Stones give 5 faction up until half way through honored.

There are 4 types of elements that can be summoned randomly from any of the 6 Lesser wind stones. Air, Fire, Water, and Earth/Rock. They all do MAGIC based damage, so armor doesn't help here. Fire is Immune to Fire based, Water is Immune to Frost based ect... Though all can do a nature based root spell. Some can do an Earth shock that will cancel a spell, also it does damage (like Shaman spell). They are all soloable mobs with experienced players or easier with some perfessions, though suggested duo so you don't waste your twilight set which you lose on summoning. If everyone that is in combat with the mob dies, or goes out of range, the mob disappears and the Lesser Wind Stone is gone until respawn. As a frost mage, all are easy solo's except the Water based mob, which is Immune to frost, though constant arcane missiles with ice barrier and cold snap does the trick.

The first turn in is only 1 Abyssal Crest which is always given by the Lesser Wind Stone kills. The second Turn in requires 3. Both of these give 50 faction points even with revered faction.

This goes for all the rest of the quests with this particular NPC, all the way through even the Abyssal Scepter. First turn in requires 1, the rest require 3.

Good luck, I hope this explains anything that hasn't been posted. | In order to summon an Abyssal Templar you need to collect a complete Twilight Cultist armor set. Once you do, you should be able to summon the necessary templar at one of the lesser stones found by the Twilight Cultist camps when you wear the items. The Templar doesn't aggro right away when you summon it, so you should be able to switch back to your normal armor before starting the fight.

A complete Twilight Cultist set of armor consists of a cowl, mantle, and robes. All of these items have a chance of dropping off the various Twilight Cultists at the camps, although the mantle (shoulder pieces) seem to have a lower drop rate than the other two pieces.

Because the Twilight Cultists armor do not bind when picked up, you can usually find them on the Auction House in abundance.