# Quest ID: 8363
# Quest Title: Abyssal Signets
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=8363
# Here is how the summons at Silithus windstones work:

The summon has 2 properties: A) Difficulty and B) Elemental Type.

A) Windstone type dictates difficulty of the summon (easy to hard: Templar => Duke => Royal).

You need a full Twilight Trappings set to summon a templar at a lesser windstone.
You need a full Twilight Trappings set +  Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station to summon a duke at a windstone.
You need a full Twilight Trappings set +  Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station +  Twilight Cultist Ring of Lordship to summon a royal at a greater windstone.

B) Crest/Signet/Scepter remove randomness of elemental type of the summon (Air, Earth, Fire, Water). Type of element after crest/signet/scepter controls elemental type of the summon. Without crest/signet/scepter, elemental type of the summon will be random.

Type of item is linked to difficulty level of the summon.
Crest controls => Summon Templar from a lesser windstone in Silithus
Signet controls => Summon Duke from a windstone in Silithus
Scepter controls => Summon Royal from a greater windstone in Silithus
Here is the list of all possible summons and items needed to summon:

TEMPLARS (recommended: 2 man)
Full Twilight Trappings set at lesser windstone = Random templar
Full Twilight Trappings set along with  Crest of Beckoning: Thunder at lesser windstone = Hoary Templar
Full Twilight Trappings set along with  Crest of Beckoning: Stone at lesser windstone = Earthen Templar
Full Twilight Trappings set along with  Crest of Beckoning: Fire at lesser windstone = Crimson Templar
Full Twilight Trappings set along with  Crest of Beckoning: Water at lesser windstone = Azure Templar

DUKES (recommended: 5 man)
Full Twilight Trappings set +  Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station at windstone = Random duke
Full Twilight Trappings set +  Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station along with  Signet of Beckoning: Thunder at windstone = The Duke of Zephyrs
Full Twilight Trappings set +  Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station along with  Signet of Beckoning: Stone at windstone = The Duke of Shards
Full Twilight Trappings set +  Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station along with  Signet of Beckoning: Fire at windstone = The Duke of Cynders
Full Twilight Trappings set +  Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station along with  Signet of Beckoning: Water at windstone = The Duke of Fathoms

ROYALS (recommended: 20+ man)
Full Twilight Trappings set +  Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station +  Twilight Cultist Ring of Lordship at greater windstone = Random royal
Full Twilight Trappings set +  Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station +  Twilight Cultist Ring of Lordship along with  Scepter of Beckoning: Thunder at greater windstone = High Marshal Whirlaxis
Full Twilight Trappings set +  Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station +  Twilight Cultist Ring of Lordship along with  Scepter of Beckoning: Stone at greater windstone = Baron Kazum
Full Twilight Trappings set +  Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station +  Twilight Cultist Ring of Lordship along with  Scepter of Beckoning: Fire at greater windstone = Prince Skaldrenox
Full Twilight Trappings set +  Twilight Cultist Medallion of Station +  Twilight Cultist Ring of Lordship along with  Scepter of Beckoning: Water at greater windstone = Lord Skwol



Remember that you lose the summoning materials if you fail to kill the summon.

Happy hunting!