# Quest ID: 854
# Quest Title: Journey to the Crossroads
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=854
# Subject: "Most certainly Tauren only"
I just made a male troll warrior, and carefully walked him over to mulgore (not discovering a darn thing, especially XR) and started like a tauren does in red rock mesa with 0/400 xp.  :)  Let me clarify that,  since i had 0/400 xp while standing in mulgore as a TROLL,  i did not discover or unveal anything in all of barrens or durotar,  including XR or camp T.  although i did have to touch gold roads once or twice, but that doesnt reveal map.  then i leveled up to 9 while doing tauren quests.  i went to camp tarajo after all that, (which i also managed to not discover uuntil that point of course) and kirge had no '!' for me. 

then, just to absolutley double check, i made a male tauren warrior, same gender and class, and even with the exact same name!  and did only the exact same quests my troll could do (leaving out the waterwell quests, and the quests from the start npc that gives you a note from the trainer so you find him the first time).  and of course there was a '!' for me then.  same EXACT quests turned in!

so in summary,  the only difference besides my race, was the order in which i turned the the quests, and that i had valley of trials explored (troll starting zone).  Not only did i talk to the same npcs (and ignored the same ones between my troll and tauren too), I even discovered the areas in the same exact order, except for when the troll starts in valley of trials and i had to step in barrens once of course.  also,  if the server logs me as stepping in gold road or southern barrens (not 'discoverable' areas that give xp,  they just chage the title in your minimap)  and THATs what makes it happen, then your screwed.  You CANNOT  get to mulgore without stepping in southfury river, the barrens, and southern barrens.  i suppose you can avoid southern barrens but then you MUST then touch agammagor or camp tarajo, which give xp for discovering.  i'd have to say that IF this quest is NOT tauren only, then it doesnt matter anyway, cause its impossible for any thing besides a tauren to go through the exact proper hoops to get it. 

case closed fellow gamers.  just go to thork and start from there if you aint tauren