# Quest ID: 858
# Quest Title: Ignition
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=858
# Subject: "Wizzle"
Wizzle crank is at approximatly 56,8, just north of the tower next to another smocking wreck. If he's not there, someone else has just done escape and he'll be back in two minutes. | Subject: "Ignition/Escape"
You can pick up this quest at Sludge Fen around 56,8.
Talk to the guy inside the Shredder. (He is just on the outside of the water's edge)
Get the key from the little green superviser on the platform in the middle of the water.
Bring it back to the guy in the Shredder.
Escort him (the Shredder) just up the hill until the machine dies.
Your last stop is in Ratchet to complete this series of quests.

Good luck | Fairly straight forward. Go up the ramp of the big structure in the water. Be careful of roamers, there's 2-3 of them that go back and forth, so keep an eye out.

The key is on Supervisor Lugwizzle. He roams up and down the ramp and around a bit of the shore of the water. He even passes by Wizzlecrank, so if you're lucky, you can finish this quest fairly quickly. | Subject: "supervisor loc"
the key drops off supervisor lugwizzle who is just up the ramp of the tower in the muck pool of the sludge fern where all the venture co miners and mercenaries are. He is level 18. | Respawn on the Shredder is about 10 minutes, even in SoM Classic. Does not appear to be dynamically adjusted for player density/whatever. If you miss it, like me, you'll be there for a bit. | Unless by a strange bug or something, this quest does not seem to work for groups. Solo only perhaps? I was in a party prior to accepting this quest, when the NPC spawned, I obtained the quest, however the rest of my party did not, nor was it shareable.

EDIT: There was one other person who was not in our group that also started the quest at the same time I did.
Last edited by Darkstar2182 on 2019/09/02