# Quest ID: 88
# Quest Title: Princess Must Die!
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=88
# Subject: "Princess"
cords are 69,78 | Subject: "what a sense of humor..."
...the developers must have to make this such a pain in the butt. First of all, for all you guys above who said "lol, so easy, soloed with my lvl 13 whatever", soloing something you are 4 levels above doesn't give you bragging rights, okay? Jeez.
    I imagine that melee classes or pet classes wouldn't have much trouble doing this at the appropriate level; there are 3 mobs but they are all no more than lvl 9. I know as a rogue I could have done this easily.
However, with my mage, this was a pain, and I couldn't solo it until I hit lvl 12, even then I only managed to kill 2 of the mobs and barely managed to outrun the survivor.
So if you're a cloth wearer, take a friend or get some levels.
    Princess does serious damage, breaks Sheep easily, and her "entourage" have rogue-like Sprint ability, making it difficult to escape them...more often than not they will run you down and kill you. Sprint-enabled pigs? rofl. seriously.
  I did it by sheeping one of her escorts (as noted, Princess was able to break my Sheep really fast on an earlier try so didn't bother with her), then frost nova, backed up and then unloaded on princess. Then I ran like hell and came back later for the collar. I'm an alchemist, which was useful b/c i needed to use a health potion, the pigs all do pretty high damage and quickly. I found The Collector quest to be an easier solo although it is higher level. Conveniently, they're in the same location, so knock yourself out. | "She" is lvl 9, has 2 bodyguards lvl 7, always do this in group.

Coordinations: 69, 79 | Subject: "Location"
Go east on the road from Goldshire, watch for the blue tower on your left (north), which is the Tower of Azora.  Head southeast from the tower and you will find the pumpkin patch.  Princess (lvl 9)is wandering around with 2 other adds (lvl 7s).  Watch out for the defias around the farm too. | Subject: "princess Must Die"
the princess is not in the house.

it is a pig on the field at 69,78 kill her :)