# Quest ID: 881
# Quest Title: Echeyakee
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=881
# Subject: "Success!"
I'm an alliance night elf hunter. I had made the trip to Barrens during my early levels specifically to tame Humar (black lion), since I wanted a rare pet that I could level all the way to 60 and be proud of it.

Then I found out everyone and their mother had one since it was easy to locate and tame.

Much to my dismay, I kept him regardless, since he was cool to look at anyways. But when I heard about Echeyakee and his glorious white coat, I had to have him. Him being restricted to horde only quests made him more appealing and rare.

So I camped that spot for a day. Finally I see a level 16 rogue come by and spawn Echeyakee. I rush over and try to gank the poor guy (I'm a carebear usually)... And realize Barrens is horde territory. He wasn't PvP flagged... Oops.

I wait for the next guy, and try to train some mobs on him after he spawns the lion. No good, they always manage to kill him before going down themselves.

I try to tame while he is being killed. The tame action is broken off once the horde hit Echeyakee.

In the end, I tamed one of the regular lions around the area, call it "HelpTameEch", and then immediately ask a hordy who's about to spawn Echeyakee to /wait, /point at my substitute pet, and then /beg.

Finally a mage cooperated. He even sheeped him for me while I tamed :D

I love you mage! | Subject: "Other cords"
Found the bones at 57,17. | Be careful
If the Mob is already summoned by some else, dont use your horn or u will loose it, and u will have to re take the Q | Subject: "Found the White Lion"
If you travel east of Grol'dom farm, you have to remain close to the mountain side.  As you progress eastward you will come across a tower.  Travel north  from the tower along the mountain side.  You will come across two Kodo ribcages that are seperated by a small clearing.  Savannah Huntresses prowl around it so you must first clear the area of these cats.  They respawn fast so don't bother skinning them (you can come back to that after you bag Eckeyakee). 

Once the coast is clear, stand in between the Kodo rib cages and blow the horn.  Eckeyakee will charge you.  As soon as this happens start back tracking, step back far enough to avoid aggroing respawning Savanna Huntress'.  I am a level 14 warrior and was able to kill Eckeyakee, for my trouble I received the Bloodspattered Shield of the Tiger (nice bonus). | Subject: "cautions"
first, the horn is one-use. You blow it, it disappears. If you don't get the loot then, you have to abandon the quest and go get it again.

second, Echeyakee will go after the closest player, regardless of who summoned him. Just as i summoned him, an undead player ran across the area, and Echeyakee attacked that one instead. So i got nothing, the horn disappeared, Echeyakee never respawned (and his body never disappeared), so i had to abandon quest and run back to get it again. i must've waited nearly half-an-hour.