# Quest ID: 882
# Quest Title: Ishamuhale
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=882
# Subject: "<Blank>"
I can verify (59,30) | First of all, once you've got this quest, any Zhevra will drop the fresh carcass.

Northwest of Ratchet (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=3257), there is a dead looking tree near the mountains. Stand near the tree and use the carcass, and Ishamuhale will appear. | The tree to use the carcass is at 59, 30. | Subject: "lvl vs difficulty"
He is a lvl 19 raptor but puts up a good fight for only being 19. To find the tree exit ratchet and go north on top of the ridge. The tree is inbetween the ridge and a hill.

Edited, Fri Nov 5 11:59:18 2004 | Subject: "yep"
while im glad that everyone comleted this task with ease (i did too) i had to sift to get to the coords so -- 60, 30. Im sure you too will complete with extreme ease. | Subject: "cosmos coords"
tree is at 60,30 for cosmos users | Subject: "ahh"
right-click on the carcass in your inventory.  RIGHT-CLICK! | Warning - If you are using the Questie addon, it will not update when you pick up the  Fresh Zhevra Carcass so the map will still show the drop locations. Don't do what i did and run around the map for 20 minutes killing Zebras when you already have the item in your bag! :)
Last edited by Snagrat on 2019/09/12 | Subject: "Map dot"
No problem killing him for my 19 hunter - just wanted to add to the directions.

If you look on your mini map = one of the 'legs' (hill to top of thorn hill) points directly east and the map even has a small circle exactly where this tree is located.

There are some bushes around it that might make you think it's the wrong one but go on & put dat carcass down!