# Quest ID: 888
# Quest Title: Stolen Booty
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=888
# Subject: "<Blank>"
Lens 64,49
Box 63,50

And yes, those are the exact locations. | Subject: "For People Who Don't have Cosmos"
I usually see a lot of coordinates for people who run COMSOS so I'm here to tell you where the items are without giving you coordinates.

The Lens is in the second camp from Northwatch Hold on your left coming from Ratchet, it's on the right of the burning turkey the cannoneers are cooking.  It's titled "Fragile"

The Boots are at the last camp before the Northwatch Hold, the small tent is on your right going to the hold, and it's on the left.

Hopefully this aids anyone else on this quest, I'm a level 24 Undead Rogue so this was a walk in the park for me, I don't think it would give anyone that's 13-16 a problem.  Enjoy.

-Sockz | Subject: "Boots & Lens"
Both are in the last two camps.

Lens: 63,49 Crate says "Fragile - Do not drop"
Boots: 62,49 Crate says "Drizzik's Emporium" | They are in two camps.

Shipment 63, 50
Lens 64, 49 | Subject: "Great!"
Solo'd this at 15 with my shaman, you need to pull the pirates around the camps as singles or doubles if you're 14+

Great quest and worth the time, also the pirates are the best exp farming I have found for solo'n from 11-15, so far. | The Lens is located on the southern most camp, the Shipment is located west of that. The coordinates help too.

Guarded by around 2-3 guards. Easy quest. | I found the Shipment at 62, 49. | Subject: "Coords wrong"
The above coords are wrong. The correct coords are:

Shipment of Stolen Boots - 62, 49
Telescopic Lenses - 63, 49

Checked this to make sure with both my characters.

Happy questing ;)