# Quest ID: 891
# Quest Title: The Guns of Northwatch
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=891
# Captain Fairmount: 62,55
Cannoneer Smythe: 60,55
Cannoneer Whessan: 63,57 | I found this quest to be really easy. Make your way to Northwatch and go up the pathway you see. You'll go pass a few buildings, and you will see a ramp leading upwards. The first tower on your left will have Captain Fairmount in it. Kill him and continue on the ramp. You will then see two other towers, one to your left and one to your far right. Both of these hold the other 2 Cannoneers you need to slay. Be sure to loot the regular mobs you kill, they are the ones that contain the medals!

Also, once you have completed this quest, be sure to visit the first tower again, and talk to the prisoner at the bottom of the tower. You will be able to accept an escort quest, "Free From the Hold" https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=898, where you will have to lead him all the way back to Ratchet. This was also easy, and landed me around 2,000 experience @ level 19. | Subject: "info"
Killing humans is fun. They try to run when they are almost dead and my pet enjoys that certain thrill of the hunt. Well, this one was easy, just time consuming. Lots of humanoids to kill which means you get a lot of Linen Cloth and some wool. Just head to Northwatch as the quest info indicates and by the time you get inside the area you'll have over half of your Theramore Medals. That was rather easy to get. As you go in killing and raping the humans you'll see a path that goes uphill. The first stop will be the first tower you see. I found Captain Fairmount there at the top of the tower. He pleaded for mercy but the nasty Troll in me stuck one last arrow into his neck and pushed him over the side. Exit this tower and keep going uphill. Again you need to fight to get inside and I found Cannoneer Smythe in this tower. Exit this one and head toward the same direction you came from and you'll see the third tower. Same drill of murdering and mayhem. At this tower I found my last contract, Cannoneer Whessan. Ok, so now all this is done and you need to fight your way back to Ratchet. Simple and quick.

My result:
You gain 1550 experience.
Your reputation with Ratchet has increased. | The medals have either a really high drop rate or a 100% drop rate when you have the appropriate quest. Everytime I've done the quest, I've had at least two other people with me, and by the time we had killed the three leaders for this quest, we'd already gotten all of the medals we needed.

Also note that in the first tower you encoutner after entering Northwatch, there will be a Blood Elf (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/npc=3465) that wants you to escort him back to Ratchet. It is suggested that you wait to do the escort until after you have killed all three leaders. If you enter the tower and do not see the Blood Elf, someone else is currently doing the quest (https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=898), so you'll have to wait. | Subject: "Guns of Northwatch"
Exploit has never been fixed.  You can come over mountain to the west of Northwatch Hold.  You should be looking at the western wall.  Drop down between the wall and the mountain, follow north to the edge.  If you look east, there's a climbable ledge with a single guard.  That's a back entrance that takes you to the last tower of the quest objective.  The mobs are really light in this area, as the majority are centered at the MAIN entrance.