# Quest ID: 893
# Quest Title: Weapons of Choice
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=893
# Subject: "Info"
Found all at 42,82
Pathfinder fer the Backstabber
Seer fer the Charred Wand
Warfrenzy fer the Shield.. | 42,78 general area | shield off the warfrenzy
wand off the seer
backstabber off the stalker | Subject: "<Blank>"
Found all around 42/82. The german name for the mobs that got the stuff is Razormane-Seher (mages), Razormane-Schleicher (the cloaked guys) and Razormane-Kriegsraserei (dual-sword fighters). All mobs are lvl 21-24. | Subject: "Learn probability."
A word about drop rates:

They are chances affected by a random roll.

They do not improve because you leave, or because you already have one of the items, or because the moon is full.  They're chances in a random roll.

If the items do not drop for a long time, it is only because you are unlucky.  There is only one way to get them to drop, and this is by increasing the number of rolls -- e.g. by killing more.

Don't complain too much.  The XP for killing these things is immense, they drop decent greens and wool, which is always in high demand. | Subject: "funny thing..."
Killed maybe about 40 warfrenzies....then went in on this page...read all about the hard drop on shields...then went back on...and the first one dropped a damn shield...well aint that just pretty? | Subject: "cords"
Razormane Seer - 41,78 (Charred Razormane Wand)

Razormane Warfrenzy -  40,81 (Razormane Warhshield)

Razormane Pathfinder - 44,80 (Razormane Backstabber)

That is what I got my drops off of. It took me about an hour. Lame.