# Quest ID: 9132
# Quest Title: Dark Iron Scraps
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=9132
# Subject: "Re: Dark Iron Scraps [9132]"
Once you are friendly these rep quests become available. I was nuetral and just hit friendly so went to see if I could finally do the turnins, and behold I could.

These two give "Insignia of the Dawn" reward -
30 dark iron scraps (Korfax, Champion of the Light)
30 Core of Elements (Archmage Angela Dosantos)

These two give "Insignia of the Crusade" reward -
30 Bone Fragments (Rohan the Assassin)
30 Crypt Fiend Parts (Huntsman Leopold)

All 4 are found in the chapel.

Also, Rayne, just outside the chapel, accepts 30 Savage Fronds, and you choose either one of the above rewards.

They are turned in for other AD "epics" such as the epic neck "Amulet of the Dawn" | Just a quick correction to Kelar's post..
Light's Hope Chapel is located in Eastern Plaguelands :)

The Insignia's you get from this quest can be used to get a few items if you gather enough "Insignia of the Dawn" and "Insignia of the Crusade".. There are a 18 Slot bag amongst other things.

The higher reputation with Argent Dawn, the less amount of Insignia's are needed.

There are both blue and epic rewards..
I recommend that you become atleast revered with AD before getting the rewards as you need 20 of each Insignia at Honored, and only 7 of each at Revered.. And becomming Revered isnt all that hard :)

Hope it helps. | Turn these in to Korfax inside the Chapel. Run BRD loads, ninja the scraps, and turn them in at Light's Hope Chapel for decent Argent Dawn reputation. The first turn in is by far the best, in terms of rewards in rep and exp. However, it's a ready reputation grind and useful if you plan on running Naxx. (You must be friendly to complete the quest... I think.) | Need to be at least friendly with the Argent Dawn, before being granted access to these turn in quests. | Subject: "Blackrock Orcs"
So here is what I know about this.

The following drop the Dark Iron Scraps

Blackrock Sorcerers pretty much drop between 2 to 5 of these at a time.
The BlackRock Soldiers didnt drop as many but they dropped, about 1 or 2 each time I killed em.

These are the primary NPCs which dropped these in Burning Steppes, Coord 42,53

GuardianXPS
http://www.theknightstemplar.com | Subject: "nota bug"
there is the original quest and then there is this one which is the repeatable one.