# Quest ID: 9228
# Quest Title: Epic Armaments of Battle - Exalted Amongst the Dawn
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=9228
# Subject: "really not worth the efforts."
Unless your an Ebay gold buyer, and can afford thousand's of gold to AH the stuff to get the insignia's, its really not worth the time or efforts.

IMO, these epics were added, so "casuals" players can get there hands on epics. But seriously, if your a casual player, this would take you months to get. The average player, according to what people say on forums, and others in-game, says it take roughly 1 hour (to grind, not an instance run), to collect enough for 1 hand in for the insignias. at exalted you need 27 of each thats 54, thats about 54 hours of play time. Not to mention, how many casual has the "TIME" to get to exalted? not to mention revered. So for a casual thats up to 80 hours+ of play time to get enough for 1 epic.

And if your not a Casual player, you should be in a guild that's raiding, If not close to raiding, And these Epics aint that good.there are better blues/Epics inside ZG. And it would take less time to get aswell. If your not in an end-game raiding guild, these might look tempting, but instead of wasting your time running 5-man/10-man instances, use the time to look for a guild.

The only thing thats actually worth getting is the 18 slot bag.

well yeh thats my opinion, If you think the epics are worth it, then go ahead. but imo, this isnt worth the time nor efforts.

unless your an Ebay gold buyer, then thats a different story.