# Quest ID: 924
# Quest Title: The Demon Seed
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=924
# Subject: "<Blank>"
IGNORE ALL USELESS POSTS ABOVE, and follow this!

I don't know why the instructions say to go to the north of the mountain.  I went to 47,24, and went up from there.  There is a very small centaur camp at that spot, but easy to walk around.

Once you get up there, keep to the west side.  The cave is not quite at the highest peak.

The place to use the stone is just a few feet inside the cave.  It will be obvious, because there is a big glowing crystal in the air there.  Roth is guarding it, so it will be obvious for that reason too.

P.S. the power stone is on the table beside the quest giver. | Subject: "Correct Information"
I see so many locations on all these posts, so let me clarify which is the CORRECT WAY TO DO THIS QUEST.

I picked up the stone from the table near the quest guy, i then followed his directions and i CLIMBED the mountain at 51, 21, once there DONT head to the HIGHEST peak as there is no alter here, head to 47, 19 which is close to the highest peak, there you will find a cave, inside the cave is 2 level 11-12 burning blades, and a level 15 fighter with an axe, i managed to lure these out one at a time, inside this cave is the alter.

I did this quest solo as a level 12 orc fighter.

Edit: There was no Elite mobs that i saw

Edited, Wed Dec 7 04:23:38 2005 | Quest: "The Demon Seed"

This is considered a Durotar quest but the entire quest takes place in The Barrens. (All coordinates are given on The Barrens map).

- 62:20 - Ak'Zeloth (starts the quest)

- 62:20 - Flawed Power Stones (examine it) and click "Complete Quest" although you're not really completing anything.
(Note: You have 30 minutes to find the altar once you pick up the stone).

- Do as the quest log says and head towards Deadmist Peak.

- Get up the mountain however you want, I'm not going to debate the "best" way to get up it.

- 47:19 - This is the cave entrance, you will need to clear 5-10 mobs level 11-12.

- 47:19 - The Altar of Fire (examine it)

- 62:20 - Ak'Zeloth (turn in the quest) | To get the Flawed Power Stone, head to 62x,20y. Its a clickable item on the table next to Ak'Zeloth at the Far Watch Post in The Barrens.

Once you have your stone, (remember the stone will destroy itself in 30 minutes so be quick) Head to Dreadmist Peak which is roughly at 49x,15y. Climb the side of the mountain to the top. The sky will change to a fiery orange and you need to look for a cave guarded by a bunch of mobs. They can all be single pulled if you are careful. The entrance to the cave is exactly at 47x,19y. Once inside place the Stone on the Altar of Fire and whammo~ the quest is done!

~Kbizzle | Subject: "Details"
Fairly simple, follow the quest directions up the path and hang a right, heading North. The very first mountain you see to your right is what you want. Go to the North side of the mountain and then up the ridge. You'll see lots of Burning Blade cronies there that range from level 10-11 in two camps up top. The uppermost camp is where the level 25 undead guy is at. You want the camp below him on the northern face. There's a cave inside that you fight your way to and then spring it open if you brought the Flawed Power Stone with you. I soloed this as a level 14 mage. So, it's a breeze. | Remember to pick up the stone from the table!