# Quest ID: 945
# Quest Title: Therylune's Escape
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=945
# Subject: "Therylune's location"
Therylune can be found on the south side of the island in the Master's Glaive. She stealths herself so can be hard to see sometimes. | Subject: "CORRECT LOC."
22,51 Correct Location. Ashenvale. | Subject: "Finishing this quest"
After talking to her, she begins to wander around the north side of the camp, then up the ramp. She will aggro any mobs encountered along the way. She fights them pretty well, but don't let her die.

After being safely escorted out of the glaive area, she turns and talks to you, then heads off down the road. To complete the quest, you need to find and talk to her sister, in the Shrine of Audessia. This is in Ashenvale, south down the road a ways, just west of Astranaar (the town in Ashenvale).

Edited, Wed Dec 8 11:36:46 2004 | She won't always be there (38, 87), you may have to wait for her to respawn, but her spawn point is static.
Last edited by podnov on 2019/09/05 | I feel so foolish. I play a mage, but I forgot to put Arcane Intellect on her. So that hopefully she'd be SMART ENOUGH NOT TO AGGRO 3 TWILIGHT DISCIPLES AT ONCE.

In all seriousness, this is a classic Classic "escort hell" quest. Her respawn is long, she'll run away when she's low health, the Twilight Disciples around her are some of the most annoying mobs of their level since they can full heal unless you're smart enough to play a class with interrupts at level 17, mobs will wait to aggro her until she's halfway past them to the next one, she'll ignore mobs YOU aggro unless she's right next to you, and there's a point where you're getting close to the ramp back out of the pit where it's very easy for her to pull 2 or 3 at a time.

On the plus side, she's not the slowest walker in the world and the distance is short enough it's possible to clear ahead without respawns, so that's the best way to get this to go smoothly. If you can pull back the mob at the bottom of the exit ramp and actually get her to fight it with you, you'll probably be fine. | Subject: "twinka to the rescue"
you hand in the qwuest at 21,52 | Therylune is in 38,87 - Darkshore
Therysil is in 22,51 - Ashenvale