# Quest ID: 951
# Quest Title: Mathystra Relics
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=951
# Subject: "<Blank>"
58,20 | Whatever you do, don't die here. The GY is on another planet. By the time you get back, your great-grandchildren will wonder who you are and your country will have been taken over by an unpleasant group of escapees from Lower Moldova.
Last edited by Wimbleton on 2019/12/06 | The "Mathystra Relics" are found on the ground, so they are not a drop. You'll still have to kill a lot of Naga to get to them, but don't expect, like I did, to have the items drop for pickup.

When you find a relic, and they are scattered all over the grounds, simply right click when you get the activity icon (looks like a cog). That's all there is to it! | Subject: "Don't look for chests"
The ruins are found at the very north end of Darkshore. Just take the road all the way up.

I did not find the relics in chests. Instead, they were in objects that either looked like chalices (wineglasses) or medium-sized balls scattered about the area. There were also some objects that looked like little cat statues, but when you open them you get Cat Figurines rather than the ancient relics. | Subject: "chalices, spheres and caskets"
This can be difficult if you're low level, because the ruins are filled with high level naga, and LOTS of them. As Gaeolas said, you can get the artifacts from what look like stone wine glasses or stone spheres. There are also these little, stone caskets, like what you'd expect to see a mummy in, and you can get the relics from them.

And watch out for Lady Vespira, she looks almost exactly like the other naga, but she's an elite encounter, and can be even more difficult. | Subject: "bugged in a good way"
Ok - my quest went pretty easy (solo lvl 21 priest)...

I found the cat figurine at 56, 21 and once it comes to life and you kill it, you actually get a figuring that upon use, activates a cat to fight with you for 10 minutes ... i thought that was worth the mention.

Found the relices at the following co. although they're all over the place:
56,22  --  58.20  --  57,19  --  57,21

Here's the bug I got ... 56,22 and 57,21 literally respawned about 20 seconds after I got them! | The Mathystra ruins is located as far north east as possible, around 59, 19