# Quest ID: 953
# Quest Title: The Fall of Ameth'Aran
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=953
# Subject: "<Blank>"
The loc for "The Lay of Ameth'Aran" is at 43,59
The loc for "The Fall of Ameth'Aran" is at 43,63 | Subject: "What's said"
This is what the books say, I thought someone might want to know :)

The Lay of Ameth'Aran:
Long had the children of the stars dwelled upon the banks of the shimmering waters of the Eternal Well. To all was known that Elune, light of the eternal twilight, aspect and goddess of the moon, dwelt withing its waters at such time that she rested from her works. Upon the shores of the Well did the children of the stars, favoured of Elune, build their homes, even as their gaze was trained ever skyward, into the moonlit night.

Though there were many towns and places of habitation constructed upon the lakeshore, Ameth'Aran and Bashal'Aran were the foremost, having the touch of Azshara, the Kaldorei's beloved queen, in their creation. Her favored servitors, those of the highborne, she brought to the twin towns to reside, and to govern them she placed Athrikus Narassin, though it would be that he would spend most of his days in his Tower of Althalaxx, some ways removed of the towns.

His second, a mage known of his prowess in the arcane arts as much as with his physical abilities, was Asterion, who lived among the people of Bashal'Aran, and went many times to Ameth'Aran, to see to the needs and wants of its people.

And so it was, upon the shores of the Well of Eternity, the twin towns grew and prospered, while the world beneath the stars fell slowly to madness.

The Fall of Ameth'Aran:
The earth trembled as the ancient trees in the enchanted forest were uprooted and toppled. The groves and glades tended by the sons and daughters of Cenarius and the stone towers of the children of the stars were brought to the rolling ground. There was our queen, radiant even in the desperation, in the chaos that was the battles. The enchanted changed colors with the discharge of magic, with the explosions that threathened to tear the world asunder.

Brother fought brother. Chosen fought blessed. It was not all the highborne that fought. Some stood, transfixed, as the madness took them. Mighty cities and humble towns alike were felled around them.

In Ameth'Aran, all was in ruins, its people clinging to the ground as though that might spare them from the destruction. It was then that Athrikus Narassin, favored of Azshara appeared to guide them to safety.

With a spell he could protect them, he would say. While around them, brother and sister, father and mother perished, they would have life eternal. And naught to fear from the sundering that was to come...

Edited, Jan 3rd 2007 10:42am by Kyarorain | For those as blind as myself...

High precision cooridnates:

"The Lay of Ameth'Aran" at 43.3, 58.7
"The Fall of Ameth'Aran" at 42.7, 63.2 | Subject: "More detail"
As Xabdaren notes, these aren't hard once you know where the tablets are.

One tablet is found lying down on the NE side of the undead camp. The other is found standing on the S/SE side. Both are reasonably close to the camp edge, so you can scoot around the edge of teh camp, locate them, then kill a few nearby mobs, run in, read and dash out.

The tablets are both square-shaped, so they are different from the other rubble lying around. Once seen they stand out. | 43,58 Lay of Ameth
42,63 Fall of Ameth

Thoes are the proper locations for the tablets.