# Quest ID: 963
# Quest Title: For Love Eternal
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=963
# If you enable NPC names in the options menu, you should see her name in yellow. It is otherwise hard to see her, she is basically transparent. | Subject: "A stupid little tip"
The best tip that I can suggest is to create a macro called target containing the following single line

/target Anaya Dawnrunner

Attach the macro to a button and spam the button like crazy as you walk around Ameth'Aran.

Soon as you come into proximity you will target Anaya | Subject: "Caster"
She is non agressive, Level 16 caster. Tall thin elf woman.

Searched for half an hour or more. Gave up, on the way out I spotted her. On the Western end not far from the road, travelling North. She stopped for a little while along that path. That's when I nabbed her the 2nd time. First time she slayed me. Second time, I nuked her a little better, playing a level 13 priest, and still learning how to play, so she can't be too tough.

Edited, Mon Dec 27 01:29:44 2004 | Subject: "so sad"
Cerellean Whiteclaw confesses that he followed Shan'do Stormrage, aka Malfurion Stormrage, into the Emerald Dream and that somehow that pulled these lovers apart. Anaya died somehow after the battles in the Well of Eternity.

The following is the dialog that occurs after you finish the quest and turn in Anaya's Pendant.

Cerellean Whiteclaw says: Anaya...? Do my eyes deceive me? Is it really you?

Anaya says: The ages have been cruel to you and I, my love, but be assured, it is, and at long last we are reunited.

CW: That the fates should be so cruel as to permit us only this after a thousand years apart...
CW: Do you hate me, my love? That I was forced to destroy your living form, that your spirit be released from unhappy bondage?

Anaya: Let it not trouble your heart, beloved. You have freed me from slavery, and for that I love you all the more.
Anaya: Sadly, even this must be cut short... The ties that bind me to this world weaken, and pull me away...

CW: No! Anaya... Anaya! Don't leave me! Please...

Anaya: Farewell, Cerellean, until we are joined once again...

(Anaya's soft voice trails away into the mists, "Know that I love you always...")

CW: How, my love? How will I find the strength to face the ages of the world without you by my side... | Subject: "Easy to spot"
She is not at all hard to see. Just enable NPC names. Then look for yellow text. The trick with the macro is good too, | Subject: "Found Her"
I found her at 43,60 walking around the Southern part of the ruins.