# Quest ID: 9664
# Quest Title: Establishing New Outposts
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=9664
# Subject: "Stealth"
Stealth stops the timer. | Subject: "Re: Establishing New Outposts [9664]"
FOR THOSE WHO ARE ROGUES- you cannot capture the tower if you are in stealth! | Subject: "How Towers Are Captured"
Go to the tower controlled by the Horde. You must be /pvp and wait 5 minutes before you officially capture the tower. Stay inside the tower, at least that is my suggestion and how I did it. I soloed these and it was quite easy. IF Alliance does not own all the towers, and you capture one, a spetral griffon master appears when the tower is captured and you can take a spectral griffon to the tower of your choice. All I did was go inside, /pvp and a bar appears that shows you the progress of the capture, and it takes 5 minutes of waiting for it to be captured. Then I /pvp again to toggle it off and waited 5 minutes for my pvp flag to drop. Pretty easy if you ask me, especially during the early morning hours when hardly anyone is on and defending. I would imagine it's the same for the Horde because I saw their griffon master also in front of the tower before I captured it. He disappears when you /pvp and wait the alloted time. | Subject: "Capture the Towers"
You must be pvp flagged in order to capture a tower.  You cannot get credit for capture unless it was neutral or controlled by opposing faction.  A progress bar will appear.  EPL map shows the four towers  and who controls them.

DeadLois
Argent Dawn | You can't accomplish this while stealthed :| | Subject: "Re: Establishing New Outposts [9664]"
When you capture the first tower, the Eastwall tower, a group of level 60 spectral soldiers appears to escort you to the Northpass tower. When you capture the Northpass tower you get "the blessing of Lordaeron" or whatever the horde one is, 5% bonus to life for 30 minutes. At the Plaguewood tower, a spectral griffon master appears and takes you to the tower of your choice, which should be the Crown Guard tower at this point. Nothing special seemed to happen at the Crown Guard tower. | Subject: "lol"
this quest is great! all u do is ist in a tower for 5 min while flagged. nobody really cares if u capture the tower so its a win win. ez quest | Subject: "for quest credit, must be other faction owned."
You get no credit if its neutral or owned by your faction, wait till the oposing faction takes it then take it yourself, only way it gave me any credit for the quest objectives. | Subject: "Re: Establishing New Outposts [9664]"
  Everybody should be aware that there's a 50/50 chance that the tower-control slider [if Horde controlled] may be at it's max, either way, expect to be at each tower for quite awhile. The slider moves somewhere in the area of one increment per minute and each increment is so miniscule.

  Those curious about Honor Points, I unfortunately netted a whole 18 points per tower captured [Level 62 Human Warrior]. | Subject: "pvp"
For those of us who haven't done pvp before, can someone please explain how this works? Do the towers need to occupied by the opposing faction to be able to capture them?

Cheers | Subject: "If tower is alliance and so are you..."
If the tower is already part of your faction you need only go inside and /pvp yourself.  A bar will show up, wait the alotted time and the tower is yours.