# Quest ID: 9665
# Quest Title: Bolstering Our Defenses
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=9665
# Subject: "Capturing Towers"
Put your pvp on and sit in the tower until its taken. | Subject: "About the towers.."
A: You have to stand inside the tower, or very close to tower.
B: You must have PVP enabled if you're in non-pvp server.
C: There is an line that shows on right corner of your screen, it shows how much you need to capture tower. Once it is in your faction's colour, you have captured it.
D: Multiple people capture towers faster than just one. | To capture a tower you have to wait inside it until it's captured. You will see a slider bar appear showing the progress toward capture. | Subject: "Capturing"
I just captured a neutral tower and didn't get credit for it in the quest log.  Does it have to be enemy controlled? | If you capture a tower and an tower of the alliance is nearby, 5 guards will spawn, mount up with like 40% extra speed and will run to the next tower, follow them, they will guard you while you are capturing the tower. If you captured it, you will gain 18 honor + a grave stone will appear, click on it and you'll get Lordaeron's Blessing, wich will give 5% extra health in Eastern Plaguelands, Scholomance and Stratholme. You get 1% extra damage against undead for each tower, if the horde/alliance controls all 4 towers you/they will gain 5% extra damage, wich is a bonus of 1%. This effect is passive, and will just come back when u ressurect. The Blessing won't last through death. You gain 560xp for discovering the towers aswell. | Subject: "To Capture Tower"
Sit in tower until it tells you it is captured.