# Quest ID: 974
# Quest Title: Finding the Source
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=974
# Subject: "Path up Fire Plume"
Path starts at 51,42 and the hot spot is at 50,46 | The hottest spot is on the top of the volcano, who would have guessed? | The correct hot spot is at the very top of the volcano, right next to the lava pool. The coords are 49,45. | Subject: "Quest is still active in 1.8 unlike what some comment above suggested."
I ran across the quest as a lvl 60 mage a couple of days ago and was surprised that I missed it earlier since I spent lots of time in Un'Goro around lvl 50-55.

Krakle is standing below a palmtree just a tiny bit southwest of the Golakka craterlake in the Golakka Hot Springs area. Co-ordinates for him are 30, 50.

The first Fire Plume Ridge Hot Spot I tried was on the edge of the plateau with the lava lake and the cave of Blazerunner at 49, 45 and that was the hottest spot for me. | Quest must have changed - the hotspot at the top was not there for me.
My hotspot was on one of the markers on the ground at 48, 43.
I would advise going to each marker and checking the temperature until one works. | Subject: "Where the Goblin Is"
I didn't have the time to read through them all and see if someone gave directions to the guy. I had found him one day on accidnet doing some quests with a friend of mine and when I went to go turn in the quest, I had no idea where to look. I have no coords program so I thougt I might help the others that also don't.

He is near the Hot Springs in the west. I started from the Refuge and rode around the edge of the crater, striahgt through everything (be careful in Terror Run, there are elite stegosauruses) to the Springs. When you get there, there are three lakes. A big one, a medium one and two tiny ones that I just count as one...go near the smallest one and he is standing 'neath a tree. Kinda hard to see cause he blends in with the green.

Onece you get the quest, go to the ridge in the center of the crater. Personally, I had fun doing this quest. I traveled 'round the edged of the Ridge and measure about three. If you ride around long enough, you will see a spikey sort of bridge that you can take to one that is higher than the others. That's the hottest one.

Hope this helps and sorry if it's redundant with the other posts.

Rot Peacefully,
Scyhtellia the Lost
Undead Warlock, Maelstrom.