# Quest ID: 982
# Quest Title: Deep Ocean, Vast Sea
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=982
# Beware of murlocs swimming through walls. It can happen with alarming frequency. | Subject: "Location"
Just FYI, each box is located in the bottom of the boat in the stern (back) end of the ship. Both ships sank with their prow (front) end pointing towards land, so the stern is the seaward side of each ship.

There is also a "weapons crate" in the very center of the bottom hold of the south ship. Hard to get to, because there are many close spawns and a hole in the hull nearby where you can get adds coming in from outside the ship. | Subject: "Location"
These are around 39,28 in Darkshore | Subject: "Boxes"
Both boxes are heavily guarded by wicked fast little sea monkeys that are almost impossible to pull without one or more adds. | The two ships can be found at 39, 28. You have to pick up Mist Veil's Lockbox from the ship lying on its side before Silver Dawning's Lockbox will spawn in the other ship.

Both lockboxes can be opened from the outside of the ship. Just stand behind the ship and move your cursor around until you find the box. | Subject: "Not as hard as you think"
Did this solo as a 17 hunter. Only death was my pet, once.

First of all, not sure if this matters or not, but I did the north ship first (Mist's Veil). Went around to the side with the big hole in it, stayed just under the surface where the camera shows underwater, but you don't start holding your breath. Targeted a murloc, sent the pet in, and hit follow button to pull it back when he got their attention. When the murloc was almost in range, sent the pet back in, and proceeded to light the little bugger up. Wash, rinse, repeat. Lost the pet when it pulled 4 out, but killed two of the murlocs and swam for my life. The clams are a frequent drop, so if your pet eats clam meat like mine does, no worries about happiness loss.

Got all the fish outside out of the way, then waited for the ones inside to show up through the hole, target, and sent pet, etc. Swam down a couple times to check if the way was clear, eventually it was, and went inside to grab the lockbox. Oh, forgot to mention, used Eagle Eye from a safe distance to make sure I knew where the thing was, a major help.

First lockbox down, headed south, keeping clear of the murlocs. Used Eagle Eye again, eventually spotted the lockbox for the Silver Dawning. In the process, noticed the following:

A. The lockbox was easily accesible from a gunport-looking entrance in the side of the ship, near the back.

B. There were almost NO murlocs nearby outside, and from what I could see, absolutely none inside near the gunport and box.

Intruiged, I killed all of 2 murlocs outside, put my pet on stay, and headed in. 10 seconds in, 5 seconds to loot, and 10-15 seconds out. No muss, only fuss was when I lost the exit hole for a moment. Method might even work on the first ship, don't know. Damn near necessary on the Dawning, the thing is crawling with murlocs.

So, moral of the long-winded story: doing your planning carefully can save you an IMMENSE amount of trouble. Hope this is helpful. | Unless you're a warlock, have an underwater breathing potion or two, are too high-level for it to be meaningful, are a marine mammal in another life or are a closet masochist, this is one you can skip. The rewards are not very good, the XP isn't worth it to offset the time spent, the Darn rep is OK but you'll wonder afterwards how you're ever going to get that lost time back. I love Classic and loved it the first time around but as many others have said, I can confirm that this is not one of its memorable quests.
Last edited by Wimbleton on 2019/12/06 | Subject: "Hard, but there is a TRICK"
Rogues may be able to SOLO this, but if you arent a rogue, you can do this with just two people. THe nearest graveyard is so CLOSE, it isnt even a hassel dying.

The trick?

Both you and your partner go balls to the wall, and swim inside each vessel, and get as close as you can to the chest you seek before you most ultimately die.

When you and your partner return as ghosts, wisp back to the location of the chest in each ship, and have your partner ressurect first. While your partner creates a diversion, and starts to get slaughtered...ressurect yourself, open the chest, get the loot. Then swim your ass off as fast as you can outside the ship. Hopefully before you, TOO, are slaughtered, you can get far away from the monster weasels, and then you and your partner can trade places.

Works everytime, Trust me.

Nat. | Subject: "should be an "elite" quest"
Only Rogues can pretty much do this quest at the appropriate level by sneaking in to where the boxes are at but, even then, it's an interesting event for them -- the boxes are at the front of the ship and require swimming inside to get to them.

The only way to do this is in a pretty decent group or groups. You need to pull the guys out and kill them underwater so, unless you slide in behind a group or what not, you won't get there cleanly to get the quest done.

I play a druid, at 17th level I tried soloing this (it was 'green' easy to me by then). I managed to clear 1 ship enough to get in but the second one... I'd get 2-5 guys per attempt to pull and, even with sea lion form (cannot cast spells when not in own shape), I couldn't handle fighting them all.

get some friends or others who want to do this or simply skip it. The quest results aren't that good and it is Really hard to try this. | Subject: "And the obligatory reference explanation"
This quest takes its title from the Peter Murphy song of the same name from his 1989 (and arguably best to date) album, Deep. | Subject: "um nope"
all this crap about having to get a certain box first is not true. it doesnt matter what order you get them in. if a box isn't there, it's because someone else got to it before you did, and it hasnt spawned. | Elixir of Water Breathing can be very helpful on this quest if you are not a druid and are typically inexpensive.
-> https://www.wowhead.com/classic/item=5996

Note: Shaman (lvl 22) and Warlocks (lvl 16) have buffs that allow underwater breathing if you find one in the area.

Hint: Ask Nicely (shaman need a reagent for their buff you may have in your inventory)
-> https://www.wowhead.com/classic/item=17057