# Quest ID: 994
# Quest Title: Escape Through Force
# Quest URL: https://www.wowhead.com/classic/quest=994
# I've done this a number of times, first back in the old days and recently. I'd never tried Escape Through Force and now I see why not.

My 21 Pally killed everything (including bears, squirrels and crows) on the way in from the north, hugging the hill, zipped into the cave, grabbed Volcor and headed back north. The nitwit didn't follow me but did a Leroy Jenkins right through the middle of the camp. I ran over and started killing things, but reinforcements showed up. Other reinforcements showed up. The Cleveland Philharmonic showed up, followed by the entire population of Kenosha, WI, all armed to the teeth. They didn't just kill Volcor, they ground him up into dogfood, poured it into a puddle and went off looking for relatives of his to kill. There were so many mobs there, they had to close the Auberdine - Astranaar Road.

Fortunately I had parked my classic M4 Sherman just north of the camp and managed to escape with only minor wounds. I tried running over some of the remaining mobs but the M4 is pretty slow and they just jumped out of the way and threw empty beer bottles at the tank. I made it back to Auberdine where Terenthis completely ignored me. What a schmuck but he's probably so busy messing with his bear, he doesn't have time to do his job.

Moral of the story: Escape Through Stealth.
Last edited by Wimbleton on 2020/04/13 | This quest can be very difficult. if you can heal, then you can just keep your self and the guy alive while he does all the damage. it helps if you clear out some of the mobs before hand. Be warned that if you die, the graveyard you are sent ot is very far away.